U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 8427564 Appeal of California Service Center Decision Form 1-129, Petition for L-lA Manager or Executive Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: WL Y 7, 2020 The Petitioner, an IT services provider and "seller of related equipment," seeks to continue the Beneficiary's temporary employment as its general manager under the L-lA nonimmigrant classification for intracompany transferees who are coming to be employed in the United States in a managerial or executive capacity. Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 101(a)(15)(L), 8 U.S.C. ยง 1101(a)(15)(L). The Director of the California Service Center denied the petition concluding that the Petitioner did not establish, as required, that the Beneficiary would be employed in a managerial or executive capacity. 1 The matter is before us on appeal. 2 In these proceedings, it is the Petitioner's burden to establish eligibility for the requested benefit. See Section 291 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. ยง 1361. Upon de nova review, we will dismiss the appeal. I. LEGAL FRAMEWORK To establish eligibility for the L-lA nonimmigrant visa classification, a qualifying organization must have employed the beneficiary in a managerial or executive capacity, or in a position requiring 1 The Director referred to a request for evidence (RFE) that corresponds to this petition, quoting findings that were made in a notice of revocation associated with the Petitioner's previously filed 1-129. However, the decision in this matter concerns a filing that is separate from that of the revoked Form 1-129. Further, in the instant decision, the Director did not include an affirmative finding regarding points made in the notice ofrevocation and instead based the denial on an analysis of the evidence contained in the instant record. Therefore, we will not address either the findings from the revocation decision or arguments that the Petitioner now makes regarding those findings, as each filing constitutes a separate proceeding with a separate record and in making a determination of statutory eligibility, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) is limited to the information contained in that individual record of proceedings. See 8 C.F.R. ยง 103.2(b)(16)(ii). 2 The Petitioner includes a brief summary of the issues it seeks to address on appeal, stating that those issues include the following: (1) whether the Petitioner is a qualifying organization pursuant to 8 C.F .R. ยง 214.2(1)( 1 )(ii)(G); (2) whether the Beneficiary "was an alien employed in a managerial capacity"; and (3) whether the Petitioner's "first and second petition [sic] for Non-Immigrant Worker" can be amended and approved "as regular LIA." Because the sole basis for the Director's decision was that the Petitioner did not establish that it would employ the Beneficiary in a managerial or executive capacity, this is the only issue we will address on appeal. As noted above, issues pertaining to other petitions 