U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 8421946 Appeal of California Service Center Decision Form 1-129, Petition for L-lA Manager or Executive Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: WL Y 7, 2020 The Petitioner, a transportation company, seeks to continue the Beneficiary's temporary employment as its "executive" under the L-lA nonimmigrant classification for intracompany transferees who are coming to be employed in the United States in a managerial or executive capacity.1 Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 101(a)(15)(L), 8 U.S.C. § 1101(a)(15)(L). The Director of the California Service Center denied the petition concluding that the Petitioner did not establish, as required, that the Beneficiary's proposed position would be in a managerial or executive capacity. The matter is before us on appeal. In these proceedings, it is the Petitioner's burden to establish eligibility for the requested benefit. See Section 291 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. § 1361. Upon de nova review, we will dismiss the appeal. I. LEGAL FRAMEWORK To establish eligibility for the L-lA nonimmigrant visa classification, a qualifying organization must have employed the beneficiary in a managerial or executive capacity, or in a position requiring specialized knowledge for one continuous year within three years preceding the beneficiary's application for admission into the United States. 8 C.F.R. § 214.2(1)(1). The prospective U.S. employer must also be a qualifying organization that seeks to employ a beneficiary in a managerial or executive capacity. 8 C.F.R. § 214.2(1)(3)(i). A petitioner seeking to extend an L-lA petition that involved a new office must submit a statement of the beneficiary's duties during the previous year and under the extended petition; a statement describing the staffing of the new operation and evidence of the numbers and types of positions held; evidence of its financial status; evidence that it has been doing business for the previous year; and 1 The Petitioner previously filed a "new office" petition on the Beneficiaiy's behalf which was approved for the period March 15, 2017, until March 14, 2018. A "new office" is an organization that has been doing business in the United States through a parent, branch, affiliate, or subsidiary for less than one year. 8 C.F.R. § 214.2(l)(l)(ii)(F). The regulation at 8 C.F.R. § 214.2(1)(3)(v)(C) allows a "new office" operation one year within the date of approval of the petition to support an executive or managerial position. 