U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 7906355 Appeal of Texas Service Center Decision Form 1-129, Petition for an L-lA Manager or Executive Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: WL Y 7, 2020 The Petitioner seeks to continue the Beneficiary's temporary employment as its operations manager under the L-1 A nonimrnigrant classification for intracompany transferees. Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 101(a)(15)(L), 8 U.S.C. ยง 1101(a)(15)(L). The L-lA classification allows a corporation or other legal entity (including its affiliate or subsidiary) to transfer a qualifying foreign employee to the United States to work temporarily in a managerial or executive capacity. The Director of the Texas Service Center denied the petition, concluding that the Petitioner did not establish that: (1) the Beneficiary was employed abroad in a managerial capacity; (2) the Beneficiary would be employed in a managerial capacity in the United States under an extended petition; and (3) it has a qualifying relationship with the Beneficiary's foreign employer. On appeal, the Petitioner asserts that it submitted sufficient evidence to establish that the Beneficiary was employed abroad, and will continue to be employed in the United States, in a managerial capacity. It also asserts that it has a qualifying relationship with the Beneficiary's foreign employer. In these proceedings, it is the Petitioner's burden to establish eligibility for the requested benefit. See Section 291 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. ยง 1361. Upon de nova review, we will dismiss the appeal. I. LAW To establish eligibility for the L-lA nonimmigrant visa classification, a qualifying organization must have employed the beneficiary in a managerial or executive capacity for one continuous year within three years preceding the beneficiary's application for admission into the United States. 8 C.F.R. ยง 214.2(1)(3)(v)(B). In addition, the beneficiary must seek to enter the United States temporarily to continue rendering his or her services to the same employer or a subsidiary or affiliate thereof in a managerial or executive capacity. Id. Section 101(a)(44)(A) of the Act, 8 U.S.C. ยง 1101(a)(44)(A), defines the term "managerial capacity" as an assignment within an organization in which the employee primarily: 