U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 8375407 Motion on Administrative Appeals Office Decision Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: JUNE 30, 2020 Form 1-140, Immigrant Petition for Alien Worker (Extraordinary Ability) The Petitioner, an actor and model, seeks classification as an individual of extraordinary ability. See Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 203(b)(l)(A), 8 U.S.C. ยง 1153(b)(l)(A). This first preference classification makes immigrant visas available to those who can demonstrate their extraordinary ability through sustained national or international acclaim and whose achievements have been recognized in their field through extensive documentation. The Director of the Nebraska Service Center denied the petition, concluding that the Petitioner had satisfied the initial evidentiary criteria but that he did not establish his eligibility as an individual of extraordinary ability in the final merits determination. In addition, the Director determined the record did not establish, as required, that the Petitioner intended to work in his area of expertise upon entering the United States. We dismissed the Petitioner's subsequent appeal after issuing a notice of intent to dismiss (NOID) and reviewing the Petitioner's response to derogatory information obtained through an overseas investigation. We determined that the Petitioner met only two of the initial evidentiary criteria for this classification, of which he must satisfy at least three. We further determined that the Petitioner had willfully misrepresented material facts. 1 The matter is now before us on a combined motion to reopen and motion to reconsider. On motion, the Petitioner submits additional evidence and asserts that he can establish that he had no intent to mislead or to misrepresent his qualifications. He further asserts that he meets at least three of the ten initial evidentiary criteria for this classification and is otherwise qualified for the benefit sought. In these proceedings, it is the Petitioner's burden to establish eligibility for the requested benefit. Section 291 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. ยง 1361. Upon review, we will dismiss both motions. I. MOTION REQUIREMENTS To merit reopening or reconsideration, a petitioner must meet the formal filing requirements and show proper cause for granting the motion. 8 C.F.R. ยง 103.5(a)(l). A motion to reopen must state new facts 1 We did not address the Petitioner's appellate arguments addressing his intent to continue work in the United States in his area of expertise, as the other issues addressed in our decision were dispositive of the appeal. 