U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 5829233 Appeal of Nebraska Service Center Decision Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: SEPT. 03, 2020 Form 1-140, Petition for Multinational Managers or Executives The Petitioner seeks to permanently employ the Beneficiary as its general manager under the first preference immigrant classification for multinational executives or managers. Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 203(b)(l)(C), 8 U.S.C. ยง 1153(b)(l)(C). This classification allows a U.S. employer to permanently transfer a qualified foreign employee to the United States to work in an executive or managerial capacity. The Director of the Nebraska Service Center denied the petition, concluding that the record did not establish that (1) the Beneficiary would be employed in a managerial or executive capacity in the United States; (2) the Beneficiary had been employed in a managerial or executive capacity abroad; and (3) the Petitioner had the continuing ability to pay the proffered wage. The matter is now before us on appeal. In these proceedings, it is the Petitioner's burden to establish eligibility for the requested benefit. Section 291 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. ยง1361. Upon de nova review, we will dismiss the appeal based on its withdrawal by the Petitioner. We will also enter a finding of willful misrepresentation of material fact against the Petitioner. I. PROCEDURAL HISTORY AND WITHDRAWAL OF APPEAL On January 29, 2020, we sent the Petitioner a notice of intent to dismiss (NOID). We indicated in the NOID that the Petitioner submitted two bank statements in support of a prior L-lA nonimmigrant visa petition on behalf of the Beneficiary.1 We notified the Petitioner that U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) spoke with a representative of the bank and confirmed that the submitted bank statements were altered and are not genuine. We noted that USCIS also received copies of the original bank statements from the bank. Alterations from the original statements included the account summary portions of each bank statement,2 the number and types of deposits and credits, the number and types of withdrawals and debits, the number of items in the previous cycle, the number 1 Receipt numbed...__ ____ __, 2 For example, one altered one bank statement shows an ending balance of $98,962.49 with a wire transfer of $49,993.27 credited to the account that month. The actual account had an ending balance of $5,777.11 that month with no wire transfers credited to the account. Further, another altered bank statement shows an ending balance of "$1,43,858.84" [sic] with a wire transfer of $45,006.73 credited to the account that month. The actual account had an ending balance of $1,500.97 that month with no wire transfers credited to the account. 