U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 9016436 Appeal of Vermont Service Center Decision Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: JUNE 1, 2020 Form 1-485, Application for Adjustment of Status of Alien in U Nonimmigrant Status The Applicant seeks to adjust status to that of a lawful permanent resident under section 245(m) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act), 8 U.S.C. ยง 1255(m) based on her "U" nonimmigrant status as a victim of qualifying criminal activity. The Director of the Vermont Service Center denied the Form 1-485, Application to Register Permanent Residence or Adjust Status (U adjustment application), and the matter is now before us on appeal. On appeal, the Applicant submits a brief and additional evidence. Applicants bear the burden of establishing eligibility by a preponderance of the evidence. Matter of Chawathe, 25 I&N Dec. 369,375 (AAO 2010). We review the questions raised in this matter de nova. See Matter of Christo 's Inc., 26 I&N Dec. 537, 537 n.2 (AAO 2015). Upon de nova review, we will remand this matter to the Director for further proceedings consistent with this decision. I. LAW U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) may in its discretion adjust the status of individuals lawfully admitted to the United States as a U nonimmigrant to that of a lawful permanent resident (LPR), unless USCIS determines, based on affirmative evidence, that the U adjustment applicant unreasonably refused to provide assistance in a criminal investigation or prosecution of the qualifying criminal activity committed against them on which basis they obtained their U nonimmigrant status. Section 245(m)(l) of the Act; 8 C.F.R. ยง 245.24(b)(5). Applicants must therefore establish, among other requirements, that after being granted U nonimmigrant status, they have not unreasonably refused to provide assistance to an official or law enforcement agency that had responsibility in an investigation or prosecution of persons in connection with the qualifying criminal activity upon which the approval of their U status was based. 8 C.F.R. ยง 245.24(b)(5). In order to satisfy this requirement, applicants may submit a newly executed Fonn 1-918 Supplement B, U Nonimmigrant Status Certification (Supplement B), or a signed statement from the official or law enforcement agency that had responsibility for the investigation or prosecution of the qualifying criminal activity, affirming that the applicants complied with, or did not unreasonably refuse to comply with, reasonable requests for assistance in the investigation or prosecution during the requisite period. 8 C.F.R. ยง 245.24(e)(l). If a newly executed Supplement B or the signed statement described above 