U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 8959216 Appeal of California Service Center Decision Form 1-129, Petition for Nonimmigrant Worker (H-lB) Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: JUNE 8, 2020 The Petitioner, a pharmaceutical research and development company, seeks to temporarily employ the Beneficiary as a "clinical/regulatory affairs associate" under the H-lB nonimmigrant classification for specialty occupations. See Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 101(a)(15)(H)(i)(b), 8 U.S.C. § 110l(a)(l5)(H)(i)(b). The H-lB program allows a U.S. employer to temporarily employ a qualified foreign worker in a position that requires both (a) the theoretical and practical application of a body of highly specialized knowledge and (b) the attainment of a bachelor's or higher degree in the specific specialty (or its equivalent) as a minimum prerequisite for entry into the position. The Director of the California Service Center denied the petition, concluding that the record did not establish that the proffered position is a specialty occupation. The Petitioner bears the burden of proof to demonstrate eligibility by a preponderance of the evidence. Section 291 of the Act; Matter of Chawathe, 25 l&N Dec. 369, 375 (AAO 2010). Upon de nova review, we conclude that the Petitioner has established that the proffered position qualifies for classification as a specialty occupation as defined by section 214(i)(l) of the Act, 8 U.S.C. § l 184(i)(l), and 8 C.F.R. § 214.2(h)(4)(ii). The Petitioner has provided a detailed job description and established that these duties, when performed within the context of its specific business operations, are so specialized and complex that the knowledge required to perform them is usually associated with the attainment of a baccalaureate or higher degree in a specific specialty or its equivalent, as required by the regulation at 8 C.F.R. § 2 l 4.2(h)( 4)(iii)(A)( 4). Further, the record establishes that the Beneficiary is qualified to perform the duties of the proffered position under section 2 l 4(i)(2) of the Act; 8 C.F.R. § 214.2(h)(4)(iii)(C)(I). ORDER: The appeal is sustained. 