U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 10065132 Appeal of California Service Center Decision Form 1-129, Petition for Nonimmigrant Worker (H-lB) Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: WL Y 7, 2020 The Petitioner seeks to temporarily employ the Beneficiary as an "Operations Research Analyst" under the H-lB nonirnmigrant classification for specialty occupations. See Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 101(a)(15)(H)(i)(b), 8 U.S.C. § 1101(a)(15)(H)(i)(b). The California Service Center Director denied the petition, concluding that the Petitioner had not established that the proffered position is a specialty occupation. On appeal, the Petitioner asserts that the Director erred and the Petitioner has established eligibility for this benefit. In these proceedings, it is the Petitioner's burden to establish eligibility for the requested benefit by a preponderance of the evidence.' We review the questions in this matter de novo.2 Upon de nova review, we will sustain the appeal. In this matter, the record demonstrates that the proffered position is a specialty occupation under 8 C.F.R. § 214.2(h)(4)(ii) and (iii)(A). Specifically, we conclude that the nature of the specific duties is so specialized and complex that the knowledge required to perform them is usually associated with the attainment of a bachelor's or higher degree in a specific specialty, or its equivalent, as required by 8 C.F .R. § 214.2(h)( 4 )(iii)(A)( 4). The Petitioner provided a sufficiently detailed description and explained the Beneficiary's proposed work in data analytics. The supporting documentation establish that the duties of the position required a baccalaureate or higher degree in a specific discipline, or its equivalent. The proposed duties, when reviewed within the context of the Petitioner's business operations, are sufficient to demonstrate that the duties of the position require a "body of highly specialized knowledge" attained through a precise and specific course of study that relates directly and closely to the proffered position. The totality of the record establishes that, more likely than not, the Petitioner's particular position requires the theoretical and practical application of a body of highly specialized knowledge, and the attainment of a bachelor's or higher degree in the specific specialty or its equivalent. The Petitioner has established that the proffered position qualifies for classification as a specialty occupation as defined by section 214(i)(l) of the Act, 8 U.S.C. § l 184(i)(l), 8 C.F.R. § 214.2(h)(4)(ii), and (iii)(A)(4). Additionally, 1 Section 291 of the Act; Matter ofChawathe, 25 I&N Dec. 369,375 (AAO 2010). 2 See Matter of Christo 's Inc., 26 l&N Dec. 537, 537 n.2 (AAO 2015). 