U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 7555486 Appeal of Nebraska Service Center Decision Form 1-601, Application to Waive Inadmissibility Grounds Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: WL Y 8, 2020 The Applicant, who requested an immigrant visa abroad, seeks a waiver of inadmissibility under section 212(a)(9)(B)(v) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act), 8 U.S.C. ยง l 182(a)(9)(B)(v), for having accrued unlawful presence in the United States. The Director of the Nebraska Service Center determined that the Applicant was inadmissible not only under section 212(a)(9)(B)(i)(II) of the Act for accruing one year or more of unlawful presence in the United States before her last departure in 2018, but also under section 212(a)(9)(C)(i)(I) of the Act, because she entered the United States without being admitted in 2009 after prior unlawful presence in the country for more than one year. The Director then denied the application as a matter of discretion, concluding that even if the waiver of unlawful presence under section 212(a)(9)(B)(v) of the Act were granted, the Applicant would still remain inadmissible under section 212(a)(9)(C)(i)(I) of the Act, as she has not remained outside the United States for 10 years and was currently ineligible to seek an exception to this inadmissibility ground. On appeal, the Applicant asserts that the Director's decision was in error, because she is not inadmissible under section 212(a)(9)(C)(i)(I) of the Act and U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) had previously approved her Form I-601A, Application for Provisional Unlawful Presence Waiver, which waived the inadmissibility bar in section 212(a)(9)(B)(i)(II) of the Act. In these proceedings, the Applicant has the burden of proving eligibility for a waiver of inadmissibility. Section 291 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. ยง 1361. Upon de nova review, we will dismiss the appeal because the Applicant has not met this burden. I. LAW An alien who has been unlawfully present in the United States for 1 year or more, and who again seeks admission within 10 years of the date of departure or removal from the United States, is inadmissible. Section 212(a)(9)(B)(i)(II) of the Act. This ground of inadmissibility may be waived as a matter of discretion if refusal of admission would result in extreme hardship to a U.S. citizen or lawful permanent resident spouse or parent. Section 212(a)(9)(B)(v) of the Act. 