U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 09369742 Appeal of California Service Center Decision Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office DATE: SEP. 30, 2020 Form 1-129, Nonimmigrant Petition for an lntracompany Transferee The Petitioner, a business specializing in aircraft maintenance, repairs, and tool manufacturing, seeks to temporarily employ the Beneficiary as a chief executive officer under the L-lA nonimmigrant classification for intracompany transferees. Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 101(a)(15)(L), 8 U.S.C. ยง 1101(a)(15)(L). The L-lA classification allows a corporation or other legal entity (including its affiliate or subsidiary) to transfer a qualifying foreign employee to the United States to work temporarily in a managerial or executive capacity. The Director of the California Service Center denied the petition on the grounds that the Petitioner did not establish that the Beneficiary had been employed abroad in a managerial or executive capacity for at least one year and would be employed in a managerial or executive capacity in the United States within one year of the petition's approval. A motion to reconsider was dismissed. The matter is now before us on appeal. The Petitioner asserts that the evidence of record establishes that the Beneficiary has been employed abroad in a managerial or executive capacity and will be employed in the United States in a managerial or executive capacity within one year of the petition's approval. In visa petition proceedings it is the petitioner's burden to establish eligibility for the immigration benefit sought. Section 291 of the Act. 8 U.S.C. ยง 1361. Upon de nova review, we will dismiss the appeal because the Petitioner has not established that the Beneficiary was employed abroad in a managerial or executive capacity for at least one year in the three years before her application for admission to the United States. As this is a fundamental element of eligibility which the Petitioner has not satisfied, we will reserve the remaining issue of the Beneficiary's qualifying employment in the United States. I. LEGAL FRAMEWORK To establish eligibility for the L-lA nonimmigrant visa classification, a qualifying organization must have employed the beneficiary "in a capacity that is managerial, executive, or involves specialized knowledge" for one continuous year within three years preceding the beneficiary's application for admission into the United States. Section 101(a)(15)(L) of the Act. In addition, the beneficiary must seek to enter the United States temporarily to continue rendering his or her services to the same employer or a subsidiary or affiliate thereof in a capacity that is managerial, executive, or involves 