U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 11066036 Motion on Administrative Appeals Office Decision Form 1-601, Application to Waive Inadmissibility Grounds Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: SEPT. 30, 2020 The Applicant seeks a waiver of inadmissibility for fraud or material misrepresentation under section 212(i) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act), 8 U.S.C. ยง 1182(i). U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) may grant this waiver as a matter of discretion if refusal of admission would result in extreme hardship to a qualifying relative or qualifying relatives. The Director of the Santa Clara, California Field Office denied the application, concluding that the record did not establish, as required, that denial of admission would result in extreme hardship to the Applicant's qualifying relative. We dismissed a subsequent appeal on the same grounds. The matter is now before us on a motion to reconsider. Upon review, we will dismiss the motion to reconsider. I. LAW A motion to reconsider must establish that our decision was based on an incorrect application of law or USC IS policy and that the decision was incorrect based on the evidence in the record of proceedings at the time of the decision. 8 C.F.R. ยง 103.5(a)(3). We may grant a motion that satisfies the above requirements and demonstrates eligibility for the requested immigration benefit. II. ANALYSIS We incorporate our prior decision by reference and will repeat only certain facts as necessary here. On appeal, the Applicant contested his admissibility and asserted that the misrepresentation of his marital status, as married instead of divorced, was not material. We concluded that the Applicant's misrepresentation was material because disclosing his true marital status would likely have led to additional questions to determine whether his intent was to enter the United States for a limited duration. On motion, the Applicant asserts that we did not follow the guidance set forth in Kungys v. United States, 485 U.S. 759, 760 (1988), or the USCIS Policy Manual regarding how to determine whether a misrepresentation is material. He also claims that because he has two children, who were born in 1982 