U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 10646740 Appeal of California Service Center Decision Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: SEPT. 4, 2020 Form l-129CW, Petition for a CNMI-Only Nonimmigrant Transitional Worker The Petitioner, a company engaged in temporary help services, seeks to temporarily employ the Beneficiaries as "maid and housekeeping" under the CNM I-Only Transitional Worker (CW-1) nonimmigrant classification. See 48 U.S.C. ยง 1806(d). The CW-1 visa classification allows employers in the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands (CNMI) to apply for permission to temporarily employ foreign workers who are otherwise ineligible to work under other nonimmigrant worker categories. The Director of the California Service Center denied the petition, concluding that the Petitioner did not properly file Form l-129CW, Petition for a CNMI-Only Nonimmigrant Transitional Worker, for multiple beneficiaries. Specifically, the Director noted that the Petitioner could not include multiple beneficiaries in the same petition because the Beneficiaries will not be employed in the same location. See 8 C.F.R ยง 214(w)(9). On appeal, the Petitioner submits a brief with additional evidence and asserts that the Director erred in denying the petition. The Petitioner bears the burden of proof to demonstrate eligibility by a preponderance of the evidence. Section 291 of the Act; Matter of Chawathe, 25 l&N Dec. 369, 375 (AAO 2010). We review the questions in this matter de nova. See Matter of Christa's Inc., 26 l&N Dec. 537, 537 n.2 (AAO 2015). Upon de nova review, we will sustain the appeal. Based upon our review of the entire record of proceedings, including the submissions on appeal addressing the grounds for the Director's decision, we conclude that the Petitioner has overcome the basis of the Director's denial. The Petitioner has provided sufficient evidence regarding the work location of the Beneficiaries to establish that they will be working in the same location. The Petitioner noted that the area of employment will be the Petitioner's business location, and four private residences all located inl I In addition, the ETA-9142C, CW-1 Application for Temporary Employment Certification, was certified for the Petitioner's business location and D I I The instructions for filing the temporary employment certification indicate that the employer must define the area of intended employment. The U.S. Department of Labor regulations at 20 C.F.R. ยง 656.3 define the area of intended employment as the "area within normal commuting distance of the place (address) of intended employment. There is no rigid measure of distance which 