U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 8889934 Appeal of Vermont Service Center Decision Form 1-129, Petition for Nonimmigrant Worker (H-lB) Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: JUNE 30, 2020 The Petitioner, a consulting and business development firm, seeks to employ the Beneficiary temporarily as a "software developer" under the H-lB nonimrnigrant classification for specialty occupations.1 The H-lB program allows a U.S. employer to temporarily employ a qualified foreign worker in a position that requires both: (a) the theoretical and practical application of a body of highly specialized knowledge; and (b) the attainment of a bachelor's or higher degree in the specific specialty ( or its equivalent) as a minimum prerequisite for entry into the position. The Vermont Service Center Director denied the petition, concluding that the Petitioner did not establish an employer-employee relationship with the Beneficiary. While this appeal was pending, the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia issued a decision in Itserve Alliance, Inc. v. Cissna, ---F.Supp.3d ---, 2020 WL 1150186 (D.D.C. 2020). Subsequently, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) rescinded previously issued policy guidance and directed its officers to apply the existing regulatory definition at 8 C.F.R. ยง 214.2(h)(4)(ii) to assess whether a petitioner and a beneficiary have an employer-employee relationship. USCIS Policy Memorandum PM-602-0114, Rescission of Policy Memoranda at 2 (June 17, 2020), http://www.uscis.gov/legal-resources/memoranda. We note the following topics that the Director may wish to address. Within the initial filing, the Petitioner indicated the duties required a bachelor's degree in a computer background or any other related field. It is unclear how a degree in any computer-related discipline would sufficiently correlate with the proffered position's duties and responsibilities. For instance, how a bachelor's degree in graphics design, cartography, video game design, or computer networking would sufficiently relate to this position's duties. Additionally, there are several entities involved with the Beneficiary's placement at the ultimate end-clientl L The contractuil chain the Petitioner and other relevant parties represented before the Director was: the Petitioner-.... _ __,~ 1-end-client. However, a different situatio~d within the appeal. Now, the parties claim the contractual chain includes and additional party ,L__J: the Petitioner-! 1---i 1-1 I-end-client. The Petitioner should explain why it initially presented a Sub-contracting Agreement executed in June 2014 1 See Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 10l(a)(l5)(H)(i)(b), 8 U.S.C. ยง l 101(a)(l5)(H)(i)(b). 