U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 8446917 Motion on Administrative Appeals Office Decision Form 1-140, Immigrant Petition for Skilled Worker Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: WL Y 7, 2020 The Petitioner seeks to employ the Beneficiary as a Greek cook. It requests classification of the Beneficiary as a skilled worker under the third preference immigrant category. Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 203(b)(3)(A)(i), 8 U.S.C. § 1153(b)(3)(A)(i). This based immigrant classification allows a U.S. employer to sponsor a foreign national for lawful permanent resident status to work in a position that requires at least two years of training or experience. The petition was initially approved. The Director of the Nebraska Service Center subsequently revoked the approval of the petition, finding that the Petitioner had not adequately explained evidentiary inconsistencies concerning the Beneficiary's employment history and had not established that the Beneficiary met the minimum experience requirement of the labor certification. We dismissed a subsequent appeal on the same basis and additionally found that the Beneficiary is not eligible for classification as a skilled worker. The matter is now before us on a motion to reopen. In these proceedings, it is the Petitioner's burden to establish eligibility for the requested benefit. Section 291 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. §1361. Upon review, we will dismiss the motion to reopen. I. MOTION REQUIREMENTS A petitioner must meet the formal filing requirements of a motion and show proper cause for granting the motion. 8 C.F.R. § 103.5(a)(l). A motion to reopen must state new facts and be supported by documentary evidence. 8 C.F.R. § 103.5(a)(2). II. ANALYSIS The primary issue to be addressed in this decision is whether the Petitioner has submitted new facts that overcome our prior decision. A beneficiary must meet all of the requirements of the offered position set forth on the labor certification by the priority date of the petition. 8 C.F.R. § 103.2(b)(l), (12); Matter of Wing's Tea House, 16 l&N Dec. 158, 159 (Acting Reg'l Comm'r 1977). The labor certification requires two years of experience in the job offered to qualify for the proffered position of Greek cook. The labor certification listed one prior job for the Beneficiary, stating that he was 