U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 8911844 Appeal of Vermont Service Center Decision Form 1-129, Petition for Nonimmigrant Worker (H-lB) Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: JUNE 1 7, 2020 The Petitioner, a professional services provider, seeks to temporarily employ the Beneficiary under the H-lB nonimmigrant classification for specialty occupations.1 The H-lB program allows a U.S. employer to temporarily employ a qualified foreign worker in a position that requires both (a) the theoretical and practical application of a body of highly specialized knowledge and (b) the attainment of a bachelor's or higher degree in the specific specialty ( or its equivalent) as a minimum prerequisite for entry into the position. The Director of the Vermont Service Center denied the petition, concluding that the evidence of record does not establish that the proffered position is a specialty occupation. On appeal, the Petitioner submits a brief asserting that the Director erred in denying the petition. Upon de nova review, we will sustain the appeal. The evidence of record establishes that the proffered position requires the theoretical and practical application of a body of highly specialized knowledge, and that it is so complex or unique that it can be performed only by an individual with at least a bachelor's degree in specific specialty, or the equivalent. Specifically, the Petitioner provided a sufficiently detailed job description and explained why the duties are specialized and complex. Along with comprehensive project descriptions and specific examples, the Petitioner provided evidence of its business operations and explained the Beneficiary's role within those operations. As such, the Petitioner has provided a sufficient explanation of why the Beneficiary's duties require specialized knowledge usually associated with a bachelor's or higher degree in a specific specialty, or its equivalent. Therefore, we conclude that the evidence of record satisfies the criterion at 8 C.F.R. ยง 214.2(h)(4)(iii)(A)(4). The Petitioner has established that the proffered position qualifies for classification as a specialty occupation as defined by section 214(i)(l) of the Act and 8 C.F.R. ยง 214.2(h)(4)(ii). ORDER: The appeal is sustained. 1 See Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 10l(a)(l5)(H)(i)(b), 8 U.S.C. ยง 110l(a)(l5)(H)(i)(b). 