U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 8820530 Appeal of Nebraska Service Center Decision Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: AUG. 27, 2020 Form 1-140, Immigrant Petition for Alien Worker (Outstanding Professors/Researchers) The Petitioner, an electrical components manufacturer, seeks to classify the Beneficiary as an outstanding professor or researcher in the field of materials processing engineering. See Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 203(b)(l)(B), 8 U.S.C. ยง 1153(b)(l)(B). The Director of the Nebraska Service Center denied the petition, concluding that the record did not establish, as required, that the Beneficiary is internationally recognized as outstanding in his academic field. On appeal, the Petitioner submits additional documentation and a brief asserting that the Director overlooked or did not properly evaluate evidence in the record, and that this evidence establishes that the Beneficiary qualifies under the high standards of this immigrant visa classification. In these proceedings, it is the petitioner's burden to establish eligibility for the immigration benefit sought. Section 291 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. ยง 1361. Upon de nova review, we will dismiss the appeal. I. LAW The statute requires that beneficiaries under this immigrant visa classification should stand apart in their academic area based on international recognition. To establish a professor or researcher's eligibility, a petitioner must provide initial qualifying documentation that meets at least two of six categories of specific objective evidence and demonstrates the beneficiary is recognized internationally within the academic field as outstanding. Specifically, section 203(b)(l)(B)(i) of the Act provides that a foreign national is an outstanding professor or researcher if: (i) the alien is recognized internationally as outstanding in a specific academic area, (ii) the alien has at least 3 years of experience in teaching or research in the academic area, and 