U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 8845845 Motion on Administrative Appeals Office Decision Form 1-129, Petition for L-lA Manager or Executive Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: WL Y 7, 2020 The Petitioner seeks to continue employing the Beneficiary as its general manager under the L-lA nonimmigrant visa classification for intracompany managers or executives. Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 101(a)(15)(L), 8 U.S.C. § 1101(a)(15)(L). The Director of the California Service Center denied the petition, and we dismissed the Petitioner's appeal. See Matter of S-S-Inc., ID# 2040694 (AAO Mar. 21, 2019). We also dismissed the Petitioner's following motion to reopen as untimely. See 8 C.F.R. §§ 103.5(a)(l)(i), 103.8(b) (requiring filing of a motion to open within 33 days of the mailing of a challenged decision). The matter is before us again on the Petitioner's motion to reconsider. Upon review, we will dismiss the motion. I. MOTION CRITERIA A motion to reconsider must establish that our prior decision misapplied law or U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) policy based on the record at the time of the decision. 8 C.F.R. § 103.5(a)(3). We may grant a motion that meets these criteria and establishes the approvability of the underlying petition. IL THE PETITIONER'S MOTION In part 2 of its current Form 1-290B, Notice of Appeal or Motion, the Petitioner marked box 1.c., indicating the company's filing of a "motion to reconsider." An attachment to the form also describes the filing as a "motion to reconsider." The motion asserts that the Petitioner timely filed its prior motion to reopen. The Petitioner bases its motion, however, on new evidence, not on the record at the time of our decision. See 8 C.F.R. § 103.5(a)(3) (stating that a motion to reconsider must be "based on the evidence ofrecord at the time of the initial decision"). The motion cites and includes copies of online information and email messages from the U.S. Postal Service to the Beneficiary, purportedly demonstrating the Petitioner's timely filing of the prior motion to reopen. 