U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 6987162 Appeal of Texas Service Center Decision Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: AUG. 31, 2020 Form 1-140, Immigrant Petition for Multinational Executive or Manager The Petitioner, which operates a gas station and convenience store, seeks to permanently employ the Beneficiary as its president under the first preference immigrant classification for multinational executives or managers. See Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 203(b)(l)(C), 8 U.S.C. ยง 1153(b)(l)(C). This classification allows a U.S. employer to permanently transfer a qualified foreign employee to the United States to work in an executive or managerial capacity. The Director of the Texas Service Center denied the petition on multiple grounds, determining that the Petitioner did not establish, as required, that (1) that the Beneficiary was employed in a managerial or executive capacity abroad for at least one year in the three years preceding his entry as a nonimmigrant; (2) it has a qualifying relationship with the Beneficiary's claimed foreign employer; and (3) the Beneficiary would be employed in a managerial capacity in the United States. The Director also determined that the Petitioner and Beneficiary had willfully misrepresented material facts in support of this petition and that the Beneficiary had previously committed marriage fraud and was therefore ineligible for the benefit sought under section 204(c) of the Act, 8 U.S.C. ยง 1154(c). The Petitioner subsequently filed a motion to reconsider, which the Director dismissed based on a determination that the motion was untimely and incomplete. The matter is now before us on appeal. In these proceedings, it is the Petitioner's burden to establish eligibility for the requested benefit. See Section 291 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. ยง 1361. Upon de nova review, we dismiss the appeal. I. LAW An immigrant visa is available to a beneficiary who, in the three years preceding the filing of the petition, has been employed outside the United States for at least one year in a managerial or executive capacity, and seeks to enter the United States in order to continue to render managerial or executive services to the same employer or to its subsidiary or affiliate. Section 203(b)(l)(C) of the Act. The Form 1-140, Immigrant Petition for Alien Worker, must include a statement from an authorized official of the petitioning United States employer which demonstrates that the beneficiary has been employed abroad in a managerial or executive capacity for at least one year in the three years preceding 