U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 9069792 Appeal of California Service Center Decision Form 1-129, Petition for L-lA Manager or Executive Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: OCT. 1, 2020 The Petitioner seeks to temporarily employ the Beneficiary as President of its new office I under the L-lA nonimmigrant classification for intracompany transferees. Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 101(a)(15)(L), 8 U.S.C. § 1101(a)(15)(L). The L-lA classification allows a corporation or other legal entity (including its affiliate or subsidiary) to transfer a qualifying foreign employee to the United States to work temporarily in a managerial or executive capacity. The Director of the California Service Center denied the petition, concluding that the record did not establish that: (1) the new office would support the Beneficiary in a managerial or executive position within one year of the petition's approval; and (2) the Beneficiary was employed abroad in a managerial or executive capacity. In these proceedings, it is the Petitioner's burden to establish eligibility for the requested benefit. Section 291 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. § 1361. Upon de nova review, we will dismiss the appeal. I. LEGAL FRAMEWORK To establish eligibility for the L-lA nonimmigrant visa classification in a petition involving a new office, a qualifying organization must have employed the beneficiary in a managerial or executive capacity for one continuous year within three years preceding the beneficiary's application for admission into the United States. 8 C.F.R. § 214.2(1)(3)(v)(B). In addition, the beneficiary must seek to enter the United States temporarily to continue rendering his or her services to the same employer or a subsidiary or affiliate thereof in a managerial or executive capacity. Id. The petitioner must submit evidence to demonstrate that the new office will be able to support a managerial or executive position within one year. This evidence must establish that the petitioner secured sufficient physical premises to house its operation and disclose the proposed nature and scope of the entity, its organizational structure, its financial goals, and the size of the U.S. investment. See generally, 8 C.F.R. § 214.2(1)(3)(v). 1 The term "new office" refers to an organization which has been doing business in the United States for less than one year. 8 C.F.R. § 214.2(l)(l)(ii)(F). The regulation at 8 C.F.R. § 214.2(1)(3)(v)(C) allows a "new office" operation no more than one year within the date of approval of the petition to support an executive or managerial position. 