U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 9111339 Appeal of Vermont Service Center Decision Form 1-129, Petition for Nonimmigrant Worker (H-lB) Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: JULY 1, 2020 The Petitioner, a private-label secunt12ation and asset management firm, seeks to employ the Beneficiary temporarily as a "junior developer/associate" under the H-lB nonimmigrant classification for specialty occupations.1 The H-lB program allows a U.S. employer to temporarily employ a qualified foreign worker in a position that requires both: (a) the theoretical and practical application of a body of highly specialized know ledge; and (b) the attainment of a bachelor's or higher degree in the specific specialty ( or its equivalent) as a minimum prerequisite for entry into the position. The Vermont Service Center Director denied the Form 1-129, Petition for a Nonimmigrant Worker, concluding that the record did not establish that the proffered position qualified as a specialty occupation. The matter is now before us on appeal. The Petitioner bears the burden of proof to demonstrate eligibility by a preponderance of the evidence. 2 We review the questions in this matter de novo.3 As noted, the Director concluded that the proffered position is not a specialty occupation. However, the record of proceeding is not sufficiently developed to allow us to detennine whether the proffered position is actually located within the occupational category for which the Department of Labor (DOL) ETA Form 9035 & 9035E, Labor Condition Application for Nonimmigrant Workers (LCA) was certified. 4, 5 Without knowing the answer to that question, we cannot detennine the actual, substantive 1 See Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 101(a)(l5)(H)(i)(b), 8 U.S.C. ยง 110l(a)(l5)(H)(i)(b). 2 Section 291 of the Act; Matter ofChawathe, 25 I&N Dec. 369,375 (AAO 2010). 3 See Matter of Christo 's Inc., 26 I&N Dec. 537,537 n.2 (AAO 2015). 4 While Department of Labor (DOL) certifies the LCA, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) determines whether the LCA's attestations and content corresponds with and supports the H-lB petition. See 20 C.F.R. ยง 655.705(b) ("DHS determines whether the petition is supported by an LCA which corresponds with the petition .... "). See also Matter of Simeio Solutions, 26 I&N Dec. 542, 546 n.6 (AAO 2015). When comparing the standard occupation classification (SOC) code or the wage level indicated on the LCA to the claims associated with the petition, USCIS does not purport to supplant DOL's responsibility with respect to wage determinations. There may be some overlap in considerations, but USCIS' responsibility at its stage of adjudication is to ensure that the content of the DOL-certified LCA "corresponds with" the content of the H-lB petition. 5 Before filing a petition for H-lB classification, the regulation requires petitioners to obtain certification from DOL that the organization has filed an LCA in the occupational specialty in which its foreign national personnel will be employed. 8 C.F.R. ยง 214.2(h)(4)(i)(B)(I). 