U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 8287461 Appeal of Texas Service Center Decision Form 1-140, Immigrant Petition for Skilled Worker Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: WL Y 7, 2020 The Petitioner seeks to employ the Beneficiary as a convenience store night manager. It requests classification of the Beneficiary as a skilled worker under the third preference immigrant category. Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 203(b)(3)(A)(i), 8 U.S.C. § 1153(B)(3)(A)(i). This employment-based immigrant classification allows a U.S. employer to sponsor a foreign national for lawful permanent resident status to work in a position that requires at least two years of training or expenence. The Director of the Texas Service Center denied the petition, concluding that the Petitioner did not establish that (a) the Beneficiary possessed the experience required by the labor certification as of the priority date; and (b) the Beneficiary intended to work for the Petitioner on a permanent basis. In these proceedings, it is the Petitioner's burden to establish eligibility for the requested benefit. Section 291 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. § 1361. Upon de nova review, we will withdraw the Director's decision and remand the matter for further proceedings consistent with our opinion and for the entry of a new decision. I. THE EMPLOYMENT-BASED IMMIGRATION PROCESS Employment-based immigration generally follows a three-step process. First, an employer obtains an approved labor certification from the U.S. Department of Labor (DOL).1 See section 212(a)(5)(A)(i) of the Act, 8 U.S.C. § l 182(a)(5)(A)(i). By approving the labor certification, the DOL certifies that there are insufficient U.S. workers who are able, willing, qualified, and available for the offered position and that employing a foreign national in the position will not adversely affect the wages and working conditions of domestic workers similarly employed. See section 212(a)(5)(A)(i)(I)-(11) of the Act. Second, the employer files an immigrant visa petition with U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS). See section 204 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. § 1154. Third, ifUSCIS approves the petition, the foreign national applies for an immigrant visa abroad or, if eligible, adjustment of status in the United States. See section 245 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. § 1255. 1 The priority date of a petition is the date the DOL accepted the labor certification for processing, which in this case is November 14, 2017. See 8 C.F.R. § 204.S(d). 