U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 11040173 Appeal of Vermont Service Center Decision Form 1-129, Petition for Nonimmigrant Worker (H-lB) Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: WLY 10, 2020 The Petitioner, an information technology staffmg services provider, seeks to temporarily employ the Beneficiary under the H-lB nonimmigrant classification for specialty occupations. See Immigration and Nationality Act section 101(a)(15)(H)(i)(b), 8 U.S.C. ยง 1101(a)(15)(H)(i)(b). The H-lB program allows a U.S. employer to temporarily employ a qualified foreign worker in a position that requires both: (a) the theoretical and practical application of a body of highly specialized knowledge; and (b) the attainment of a bachelor's or higher degree in the specific specialty (or its equivalent) as a minimum prerequisite for entry into the position. The Director of the Vermont Service Center denied the petition, concluding that the Petitioner did not establish an employer-employee relationship with the Beneficiary. The Director also concluded that the record did not establish there would be sufficient specialty occupation work available for the Beneficiary. While this appeal was pending, the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia issued a decision in Itserve Alliance, Inc. v. Cissna, ---F.Supp.3d ---, 2020 WL 1150186 (D.D.C. 2020). Subsequently, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) rescinded previously issued policy guidance. USCIS Policy Memorandum PM-602-0114, Rescission of Policy Memoranda at 2 (June 17, 2020), http://www.uscis.gov/legal-resources/policy-memoranda. After the Petitioner filed this appeal, another employer filed a new petition to employ the Beneficiary, casting doubt on whether the Beneficiary currently intends to work for the Petitioner. Additionally, we note that, regardless of whether the Petitioner would have an employer-employee relationship with the Beneficiary and whether sufficient work would be available, the record does not establish the services that the Beneficiary will ultimately provide through the Petitioner, mid-vendor, prime vendor and vendor management company, and end-client. Section 101(a)(15)(H)(i)(b) of the Act defines an H-lB nonimmigrant as a foreign national "who is coming temporarily to the United States to perform services ... in a specialty occupation described in section 214(i)(l) ... "(emphasis added). To determine whether the Beneficiary will be employed in a specialty occupation, we review the record to ascertain the services the Beneficiary will perform and whether such services require the theoretical and practical application of a body of highly specialized knowledge attained through at least a bachelor's degree or higher in a specific specialty or its 