U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 8418891 Appeal of California Service Center Decision Form 1-129, Petition for L-lA Manager or Executive Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: WL Y 7, 2020 The Petitioner, a beauty and med spa business, seeks to employ the Beneficiary temporarily as its president under the L-lA nonimmigrant classification for intracompany transferees who are coming to be employed in the United States in a managerial or executive capacity.1 Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 10l(a)(l5)(L), 8 U.S.C. ยง l 10l(a)(15)(L). The Director of the California Service Center denied the petition concluding that the Petitioner did not establish, as required, that (1) the Beneficiary was employed abroad in a managerial or executive capacity and (2) the Beneficiary would be employed in a managerial or executive capacity in the United States. The matter is before us on appeal. In these proceedings, it is the Petitioner's burden to establish eligibility for the requested benefit. See Section 291 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. ยง 1361. Upon de nova review, we will dismiss the appeal because the Petitioner did not establish the Beneficiary's position in the United States would be in a managerial or executive capacity. Since the identified basis for denial is dispositive of the Petitioner's appeal, we decline to reach and hereby reserve the Petitioner's appellate arguments regarding the Beneficiary's employment abroad in a managerial or executive capacity. See INS v. Bagamasbad, 429 U.S. 24, 25 (1976) ("courts and agencies are not required to make findings on issues the decision of which is unnecessary to the results they reach"); see also Matter of L-A-C-, 26 I&N Dec. 516, 526 n.7 (BIA 2015) (declining to reach alternative issues on appeal where an applicant is otherwise ineligible). I. LEGAL FRAMEWORK To establish eligibility for the L-lA nonimmigrant visa classification, a qualifying organization must have employed the beneficiary in a managerial or executive capacity, or in a position requiring specialized knowledge for one continuous year within three years preceding the beneficiary's application for admission into the United States. 8 C.F.R. ยง 214.2(1)(1). In addition, the beneficiary must seek to enter the United States temporarily to continue rendering his or her services to the same 1 Although the Petitioner filed this petition seeking treatment as a "new office," the Director did not treat the Petitioner as a new office in rendering this decision, nor does the Petitioner offer evidence to show that it warrants such treat. See 8 C.F.R. ยง 214.2(l)(l)(ii)(F) (for definition of"new office"). As such, we will make our determination in line with the Director's interpretation of the record and we will not treat the Petitioner as a new office. 