U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 6803153 Appeal of Orlando, Florida Field Office Decision Form 1-601, Application to Waive Inadmissibility Grounds Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: WL Y 6, 2020 The Applicant seeks a waiver of inadmissibility under section 212(i) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act), 8 U.S.C. ยง l 182(i). U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) may grant a discretionary waiver if refusal of admission would result in extreme hardship to a qualifying relative or qualifying relatives. The Director of the Orlando, Florida Field Office denied the application, concluding that the Applicant was inadmissible for fraud or misrepresentation and finding that the record did not establish extreme hardship to her U.S. citizen spouse if the Applicant is denied admission. On appeal, the Applicant contends that the Director's inadmissibility determination is not supported by the record and therefore she does not need to demonstrate extreme hardship to a qualifying relative. In these proceedings, it is the Applicant's burden to establish eligibility for the requested benefit. Section 291 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. ยง 1361. Upon de nova review, we will dismiss the appeal. I. LAW Any foreign national who, by fraud or willfully misrepresenting a material fact, seeks to procure ( or has sought to procure or has procured) a visa, other documentation, or admission into the United States or other benefit provided under the Act, is inadmissible. Section 212(a)(6)(C)(i) of the Act. There is a waiver of this inadmissibility if refusal of admission would result in extreme hardship to the United States citizen or lawful permanent resident spouse or parent of the foreign national. If the foreign national demonstrates the existence of the required hardship, then they must also show that USCIS should favorably exercise its discretion. Section 212(i) of the Act. A determination of whether denial of admission will result in extreme hardship depends on the facts and circumstances of each case. Matter of Cervantes-Gonzalez, 22 I&N Dec. 560, 565 (BIA 1999) ( citations omitted). We recognize that some degree of hardship to qualifying relatives is present in most cases; however, to be considered "extreme," the hardship must exceed that which is usual or expected. See Matter of Pilch, 21 I&N Dec. 627, 630-31 (BIA 1996) (finding that factors such as economic detriment, severing family and community ties, loss of current employment, and cultural 