U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 8768234 Appeal of California Service Center Decision Form 1-129, Petition for Nonimmigrant Worker (H-lB) Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: JUNE 8, 2020 The Petitioner, a provider of computing products and services, seeks to temporarily employ the Beneficiary as an "accounts manager 2 -inside sales renewals" under the H-lB nonimrnigrant classification for specialty occupations. See Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 101(a)(15)(H)(i)(b), 8 U.S.C. ยง 1101(a)(15)(H)(i)(b). The Director of the California Service Center denied the petition, concluding that the record did not establish (1) the substantive nature of the proffered position, (2) the proffered position qualifies as a specialty occupation, and (3) the Beneficiary is qualified to perform the duties of a specialty occupation. On appeal, the Petitioner asserts that the Director erred in denying the petition. Upon de nova review, we will withdraw the decision of the Director. 1 The matter will be remanded for further review and entry of a new decision. I. ANALYSIS As noted above, the Director concluded, in part, that the record did not establish the substantive nature of the position. Specifically, the Director determined that the Petitioner's job description "does not adequately convey the substantive work that the beneficiary will perform." Upon review of the entire record, however, we have determined the submitted evidence, including the Petitioner's April 22, 2019 letter, sufficiently explains and expands upon the proffered position's duties, such that on the issue of the substantive nature of the position, the Petitioner has met its burden. Accordingly, the Director's decision as to the substantive nature of the position is withdrawn. However, it appears that the Petitioner's description of the proffered position's duties does not correspond to the occupational category designated on the labor condition application (LCA). 2 The 1 We follow the preponderance of the evidence standard as specified in Matter of Chawathe, 25 l&N Dec. 369, 375-76 (AAO 2010). 2 While the Department of Labor certifies the LCA, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) determines whether the LCA's content corresponds with the H-lB petition. See 20 C.F.R. ยง 655.705(b) ("DHS determines whether the petition is supported by an LCA which corresponds with the petition, .... "). 