U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 9968914 Appeal of California Service Center Decision Form 1-129, Petition for a Nonimmigrant Worker (H-lB) Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: JUNE 30, 2020 The Petitioner, an international staffing and consulting services company, seeks to temporarily employ the Beneficiary under the H-lB nonirnmigrant classification for specialty occupations. See Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 10l(a)(l5)(H)(i)(b), 8 U.S.C. ยง l 10l(a)(15)(H)(i)(b). The H-lB program allows a U.S. employer to temporarily employ a qualified foreign worker in a position that requires both (a) the theoretical and practical application of a body of highly specialized knowledge and (b) the attainment of a bachelor's or higher degree in the specific specialty (or its equivalent) as a minimum prerequisite for entry into the position. The Director of the California Service Center denied the petition, concluding that the record did not establish that the proffered position qualifies as a specialty occupation. On appeal, the Petitioner submits a brief and additional documentation, and asserts that the Director's decision was erroneous. The Petitioner bears the burden of proof to demonstrate eligibility by a preponderance of the evidence. Section 291 of the Act; Matter of Chawathe, 25 I&N Dec. 369, 375 (AAO 2010). We review the questions in this matter de nova. See Matter of Christo 's Inc., 26 I&N Dec. 537, 537 n.2 (AAO 2015). Upon de nova review, we will remand the matter for the entry of a new decision. The Petitioner submits additional evidence on appeal and asserts that the evidence submitted demonstrates that the proffered position qualifies as a specialty occupation. Because the Director has not yet addressed the additional evidence, we shall return the matter for the Director to consider the Petitioner's claim anew. ORDER: The decision of the Director is withdrawn. The matter is remanded for the entry of a new decision. 