U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 8478780 Appeal of Vermont Service Center Decision Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: JULY 23, 2020 Form 1-129, Petition for Nonimmigrant Worker (Extraordinary Ability-0) The Petitioner, a business specializing in biomedical technology investment and development, seeks to classify the Beneficiary as a foreign national of extraordinary ability in the sciences. To do so, the Petitioner seeks 0-1 nonimmigrant classification, available to foreign nationals who can demonstrate their extraordinary ability through sustained national or international acclaim and whose achievements have been recognized in the field through extensive documentation. See Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 101(a)(15)(O)(i), 8 U.S.C. ยง l 10l(a)(l5)(O)(i). The Director of the Vermont Service Center denied the petition, concluding that the Petitioner did not satisfy, as required, the alternative evidentiary criteria applicable to individuals of extraordinary ability in the sciences, either a major, internationally recognized award or at least three of eight possible forms of documentation. 8 C.F.R. ยง 214.2(o)(3)(iii)(A)-(B). On appeal, the Petitioner asserts that the previously submitted evidence establishes that the Beneficiary meets three of the initial evidentiary criteria and is otherwise qualified for the benefit sought. In these proceedings, it is the Petitioner's burden to establish eligibility for the requested benefit. Section 291 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. ยง 1361. Upon de nova review, we will dismiss the appeal. I. LAW As relevant here, section 101(a)(15)(O)(i) of the Act establishes 0-1 classification for an individual who has extraordinary ability in the sciences, arts, education, business, or athletics that has been demonstrated by sustained national or international acclaim, whose achievements have been recognized in the field through extensive documentation, and who seeks to enter the United States to continue work in the area of extraordinary ability. Department of Homeland Security (DHS) regulations define "extraordinary ability in the field of science, education, business, or athletics" as "a level of expertise indicating that the person is one of the small percentage who have arisen to the very top of the field of endeavor." 8 C.F.R. ยง 214.2(o)(3)(ii). Next, DHS regulations set forth alternative evidentiary criteria for establishing a beneficiary's sustained acclaim and the recognition of achievements. A petitioner may submit evidence either 