U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 8283363 Appeal of California Service Center Decision Form 1-129, Petition for Nonimmigrant Worker (H-lB) Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: WL Y 21, 2020 The Petitioner, an information technology solutions provider, seeks to temporarily employ the Beneficiary under the H-lB nonirnrnigrant classification for specialty occupations. See Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 101(a)(15)(H)(i)(b), 8 U.S.C. ยง 1101(a)(15)(H)(i)(b). The H-lB program allows a U.S. employer to temporarily employ a qualified foreign worker in a position that requires both: (a) the theoretical and practical application of a body of highly specialized knowledge; and (b) the attainment of a bachelor's or higher degree in the specific specialty ( or its equivalent) as a minimum prerequisite for entry into the position. The Director of the California Service Center denied the petition, concluding that the Petitioner did not establish an employer-employee relationship with the Beneficiary. While this appeal was pending, the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia issued a decision in Itserve Alliance, Inc. v. Cissna, ---F.Supp.3d ---, 2020 WL 1150186 (D.D.C. 2020). Subsequently, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) rescinded previously issued policy guidance and directed its officers to apply the existing regulatory definition at 8 C.F.R. ยง 214.2(h)(4)(ii) to assess whether a petitioner and a beneficiary have an employer-employee relationship. USCIS Policy Memorandum PM-602-0114, Rescission of Policy Memoranda at 2 (June 17, 2020), http://www.uscis.gov/legal-resources/memoranda. Because this case is affected by the new policy guidance, we find it appropriate to remand the matter for the Director to consider the question anew and to adjudicate in the first instance any additional issues as may be necessary and appropriate. Moreover, we observe other issues the Director may wish to address. Namely, the Director should consider whether the Petitioner sufficiently demonstrated that the Beneficiary will be employed in a specialty occupation should this petition be approved. The Petitioner indicated that it will assign the Beneficiary through a mid-vendor to work as a "mulesoft developer" for an end-client for the duration of the validity period requested. The claimed contractual chain is as follows: V-vendor) H-(end-client). It submitted a March 2019 letter from the end-client which referenced its contractual relationship with the mid-vendor, and stated that the Beneficiary will "provide software consulting services on an internal project for the [ end-client]. ... as a full-time employee of [the Petitioner]." The end-client described the project that requires the Beneficiary's services, as follows: 