U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 7880579 Appeal of California Service Center Decision Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: WL Y 6, 2020 Form 1-129, Petition for Nonimmigrant Worker (Religious Worker-R-1) The Petitioner, a temple, seeks to classify the Beneficiary as a nonirnrnigrant religious worker to perform services as a minister. See Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 101(a)(l5)(R), 8 U.S.C. § 110l(a)(l5)(R). This nonirnrnigrant classification allows non-profit religious organizations, or their affiliates, to temporarily employ foreign nationals as ministers, in religious vocations, or in religious occupations in the United States. The Director of the California Service Center denied the petition, concluding that the Petitioner did not submit a currently valid determination letter from the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) showing that it is a tax-exempt organization, as required under 8 C.F.R. § 214.2(r)(9). On appeal, the Petitioner now submits a valid determination letter from the IRS. In these proceedings, it is the Petitioner's burden to establish eligibility for the requested benefit. Section 291 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. § 1361. Upon de nova review, we will dismiss the appeal. I. LAW Non-profit religious organizations may petition for foreign nationals to work in the United States for up to five years to perform religious work as ministers, in religious vocations, or in religious occupations. The petitioning organization must establish, among other requirements, that the foreign national beneficiary has been a member of a religious denomination for at least the two-year period before the date the petition is filed. See generally section 10l(a)(l5)(R) of the Act; 8 C.F.R. § 214.2(r). In addition, the Petitioner must establish that it either qualifies as a bona fide non-profit religious organization or as a bona fide organization which is affiliated with the religious denomination. The regulation at 8 C.F.R. § 214.2(r)(3) provides the following definitions: Bona fide non-profit religious organization in the United States means a religious organization exempt from taxation as described in section 501 ( c )(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, subsequent amendment or equivalent sections of prior enactments of the Internal Revenue Code, and possessing a currently valid 