U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 9019481 Appeal of California Service Center Decision Form 1-129, Petition for Nonimmigrant Worker (H-lB) Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: WL Y 1 7, 2020 The Petitioner, a transportation and logistics services company, seeks to temporarily employ the Beneficiary as a "transportation engineer" under the H-lB nonimmigrant classification for specialty occupations.1 The H-lB program allows a U.S. employer to temporarily employ a qualified foreign worker in a position that requires both (a) the theoretical and practical application of a body of highly specialized knowledge and (b) the attainment of a bachelor's or higher degree in the specific specialty (or its equivalent) as a minimum prerequisite for entry into the position. The Director of the California Service Center denied the petition, concluding that the record did not establish that the proffered position qualifies as a specialty occupation. The matter is now before us on appeal. The Petitioner bears the burden of proof to demonstrate eligibility by a preponderance of the evidence. 2 Upon review of the matter, we will dismiss the appeal. I. ANALYSIS We conducted a preliminary review of the record ofproceedings.3 We observe that the signatures of the attorney/preparer/representative and of the petitioner/client on the Form I-1290B appear to have been signed by the same individual.4 Not only do the signatures, which are initials, a ear markedly similar to each other, the signature on behalf of the Petitioner, lf""u~u:~~ ........ -""-"''i-----_JChief Financial Officer, appears quite dissimilar to other signatures of.__ ____ ..... appearing in other parts of the record of proceedings. Moreover, in the attorney cover letters and the appeal brief, I I stated that she signed on behalf of the attorney of record, I I with permission. We observe that her handwriting from these letters and brief appears to match the handwriting of the initials that appear in the Form I-290B and its accompanying Form G-28. This similarity suggests that she signed on behalf of both the attorney, 1 Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section l0l(a)( 15)(H)(i)(b ), 8 U.S.C. ยง l 10l(a)(l5)(H)(i)(b) 2 Section 291 of the Act; Matter of Chawathe, 25 J&N Dec. 369, 375 (AAO 2010). 3 This decision does not address the Director's grounds for denial. 4 The accompanying Form G-28 also features this discrepancy. 