U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 09373527 Appeal of Vermont Service Center Decision Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: WL Y 21, 2020 Form 1-485, Application for Adjustment of Status of U Nonimmigrant The Applicant seeks to become a lawful permanent resident based on her "U" nonimmigrant status as a victim of qualifying criminal activity under section 245(m) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act), 8 U.S.C. § 1255(m). The Director of the Vermont Service Center denied the Form 1-485, Application to Register Permanent Residence or Adjust Status (U adjustment application), and the matter is before us on appeal. Upon de nova review, we will dismiss the appeal. I. LAW U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) may in its discretion adjust the status of a U nonimmigrant to a lawful permanent resident (LPR) if that individual demonstrates, among other requirements, that he or she has been physically present in the United States for a continuous period of at least three years since admission as a U nonimmigrant and continuing through the date of the conclusion of adjudication of the U adjustment application. Section 245(m)(l)(A) of the Act; 8 C.F.R. § 245.24(a)(l). To demonstrate continuous physical presence, a U adjustment applicant must provide, in pertinent part, a photocopy of all pages of all passports that were valid during the three-year period in U status prior to the filing of the U adjustment application, or an equivalent travel document or explanation of why he or she does not have a passport. 8 C.F.R. § 245.24(d)(5). AU adjustment applicant must also provide an affidavit attesting to his or her continuous physical presence and documentary evidence in support of this requirement. Id. § 245.24(d)(9). In addition, a U adjustment applicant must establish that his or her continued presence in the United States is justified on humanitarian grounds, to ensure family unity, or is otherwise in the public interest. Section 245(m) of the Act. When exercising its discretion, USCIS may consider all relevant factors, both favorable and adverse, but the applicant ultimately bears the burden of establishing eligibility and demonstrating that discretion should be exercised in his or her favor. 8 C.F.R. § 245.24(d)(10)-(11). Favorable factors such as family unity, length of residence in the United States, employment, community involvement, and good moral character are generally sufficient to merit a favorable exercise of discretion. See 7 USCIS Policy Manual A. I 0(B)(2), https://www.uscis.gov/policy-manual (providing guidance regarding adjudicative factors to consider in discretionary adjustment of status determinations). However, where adverse factors are present, the applicant should submit evidence of mitigating equities. 8 C.F.R. § 245.24(d)(l 1). 