U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 07906389 Appeal of California Service Center Decision Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office DA TE: mL Y 6, 2020 Form I-129, Nonimmigrant Petition for an Intracompany Transferee The Petitioner, a real estate development business, seeks to temporarily employ the Beneficiary as its regional head under the L-lA nonimmigrant classification for intracompany transferees. Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 101(a)(15)(L), 8 U.S.C. ยง 1101(a)(15)(L). The L-lA classification allows a corporation or other legal entity (including its affiliate or subsidiary) to transfer a qualifying foreign employee to the United States to work temporarily in a managerial or executive capacity. The Director of the California Service Center denied the petition, concluding that the record did not establish, as required: (1) that the Beneficiary has been employed abroad in a managerial or executive capacity; and (2) that the new office will support a managerial or executive position within one year after the approval of the petition. The matter is now before us on appeal. The Petitioner asserts that the evidence of record establishes that the Beneficiary was employed abroad in a managerial capacity, that the U.S. entity will support an executive position within one year of the petition's approval, and that the Beneficiary therefore qualifies for the classification of intracompany transferee under the Act. In visa petition proceedings it is the petitioner's burden to establish eligibility for the immigration benefit sought. Section 291 of the Act. 8 U.S.C. ยง 1361. Upon de nova review, we will dismiss the appeal on the ground that the record does not establish that the new office will support a managerial or executive position within one year after the approval of the petition. We will reserve the issue of whether the Beneficiary has been employed abroad in a managerial or executive capacity. I. LEGAL FRAMEWORK To establish eligibility for the L-IA nonimmigrant visa classification in a petition involving a new office, a qualifying organization must have employed the beneficiary in a managerial or executive capacity for one continuous year within three years preceding the beneficiary's application for admission into the United States. 8 C.F.R. ยง 214.2(1)(3)(v)(B). In addition, the beneficiary must seek to enter the United States temporarily to continue rendering his or her services to the same employer or a subsidiary or affiliate thereof in a managerial or executive capacity. Id. 