U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 8818324 Appeal of Nebraska Service Center Decision Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: WLY 13, 2020 Form 1-140, Petition for Multinational Managers or Executives The Petitioner, describing itself as a seller of furniture products, seeks to permanently employ the Beneficiary as its president under the first preference immigrant classification for multinational executives or managers. Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 203(b)(l)(C), 8 U.S.C. ยง 1153(b )(1 )(C). The Director of the Nebraska Service Center denied the petition on multiple grounds. The Director concluded the Petitioner did not establish that: (1) it had been doing business as defined by the regulations for more than one year prior to the date the petition was filed; (2) the Beneficiary would be employed in a managerial or executive capacity in the United States; (3) the Beneficiary was employed abroad in a managerial or executive capacity prior to his entry as a nonimmigrant; and (4) it had the ability to pay the Beneficiary's proffered wage as of the date the petition was filed. The Petitioner later filed a motion to reopen and a motion to reconsider that the Director granted; however, he affirmed his denial of the petition on the same grounds. In addition, the Director determined the Petitioner did not demonstrate that the Beneficiary would be an employee of the Petitioner or that it would have an employer-employee relationship with him. On appeal, the Petitioner asserts it submitted "a multitude of evidence" to establish that it was doing business as defined by the regulations well before one year prior to the date the petition was filed, emphasizing submitted invoices and tax documentation. Further, the Petitioner contends it submitted sufficiently detailed duty descriptions for the Beneficiary, contrary to the Director's conclusions, that demonstrate he would act in a managerial or executive capacity in the United States and that he acted in a managerial capacity abroad. Lastly, the Petitioner states it provided evidence indicating that the Beneficiary was paid his proffered wage through revenues received through its closely held limited liability company. In these proceedings, it is the Petitioner's burden to establish eligibility for the requested benefit. Section 291 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. ยง 1361. Upon de nova review, we will dismiss the appeal. I. LEGAL FRAMEWORK 