U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 10088440 Appeal of Texas Service Center Decision Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: WLY 10, 2020 Form 1-140, Immigrant Petition for Advanced Degree Professional The Petitioner seeks to employ the Beneficiary as a physical therapist under the second-preference, immigration classification for members of the professions holding advanced degrees or their equivalents. Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 203(b)(2)(A), 8 U.S.C. § 1153(b)(2)(A). The Director of the Texas Service Center denied the petition. The Director concluded that the Petitioner did not demonstrate: the Beneficiary's qualifications for the offered position or the required immigrant visa classification; the company's intention to employ the Beneficiary in the geographic area of intended employment; or the company's ability to pay the position's proffered wage. The Petitioner bears the burden of establishing eligibility for the requested benefit. Section 291 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. § 1361. Upon de nova review, we will dismiss the appeal. I. EMPLOYMENT-BASED IMMIGRATION Immigration as an advanced degree professional usually follows a three-step process. First, to permanently fill a position in the United States with a foreign worker, a prospective employer must obtain certification of the U.S. Department of Labor (DOL). See section 212(a)(5)(A)(i) of the Act, 8 U.S.C. § 1182(a)(5)(A)(i). If DOL approves a position, an employer next submits the certified labor application with an immigrant visa petition to U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS). Section 204 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. § 1154. If USCIS grants a petition, a foreign national may finally apply abroad for an immigrant visa or, if eligible, for adjustment of status in the United States. See section 245 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. § 1255. DOL, however, has already determined that the United States lacks physical therapists and that employment of foreign nationals in these "Schedule A" positions will not harm the wages or working conditions of U.S. workers in similar positions. 20 C.F.R. § 656.5. DOL therefore does not require employers to advertise physical therapist positions to U.S. workers and has authorized USCIS to adjudicate labor certification applications in Schedule A petition proceedings for physical therapists. 20 C.F.R. § 656.15(a). Thus, in this matter, USCIS rules not only on the petition, but also on its accompanying labor certification application. See 20 C.F.R. § 656.15(e) (describing USCIS' labor certification determinations in Schedule A proceedings as "conclusive and final"). 