U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 9000719 Appeal of California Service Center Decision Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: SEPT. 28, 2020 Form 1-612, Application to Waive Foreign Residency Requirement The Applicant seeks a waiver of the two-year foreign residence requirement for certain J nonimmigrant visa holders. Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 212(e), 8 U.S.C. ยง 1182(e). The Director of the California Service Center denied the application, concluding that the record did not establish, as required, that the Applicant's compliance with the two-year foreign residence requirement would result in exceptional hardship to a qualifying relative. On appeal, the Applicant submits additional evidence and asserts that she has demonstrated exceptional hardship to her spouse and child. 1 In these proceedings, it is the Applicant's burden to establish eligibility for the requested benefit. Section 291 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. ยง 1361. Upon de nova review, we will dismiss the appeal because the Applicant has not met this burden. I. LAW No foreign national admitted under section 101(a)(15)(J) of the Act who is subject to a two-year foreign residency requirement is eligible to apply for an immigrant visa, permanent residence, or an H or L nonimmigrant visa until it is established that the foreign national has resided and been physically present in the country of his or her nationality or last residence for an aggregate of at least two years following departure from the United States. Section 212(e) of the Act. The statute provides for waiver of this requirement, however, when it is determined that departure from the United States would impose exceptional hardship upon the foreign national's U.S. citizen or lawful permanent resident spouse or child, and approval of the waiver is in the public interest. Id. In determining the merits of an application for a waiver of the two-year foreign residence requirement based on exceptional hardship, "it must first be determined whether or not such hardship would occur as the consequence of ... accompanying the [foreign national] abroad, which would be the normal course of action to avoid separation." Matter of Mansour, 11 I&N Dec. 306, 307 (BIA 1965). In 1 The Applicant's second child was born in 2019, after the waiver application's filing date in 2017. 