U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 8846343 Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: WL Y 7, 2020 Appeal of California Service Center Decision Form 1-129, Petition for L-lB Specialized Knowledge Worker The Petitioner is technology services provider that seeks to employ the Beneficiary temporarily as an "SAP Professional Services Consultant -Senior" under the L-lB nonimmigrant classification for intracompany transferees. Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 101(a)(15)(L), 8 U.S.C. ยง 1101(a)(15)(L). The California Service Center denied the petition, concluding that the record did not establish, as required, that the Beneficiary possesses specialized knowledge and that he was employed abroad and would be employed in the United States in a specialized knowledge capacity. The matter is now before us on appeal. In these proceedings, it is the Petitioner's burden to establish eligibility for the requested benefit. Section 291 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. ยง 1361. Upon de nova review, we find that the Petitioner did not meet that burden. Therefore, we will dismiss the appeal. I. LEGAL FRAMEWORK To establish eligibility for the L-lB nonimmigrant visa classification, the beneficiary must seek to enter the United States temporarily to continue rendering his or her services to the same employer or a subsidiary or affiliate thereof in a specialized knowledge capacity. Section 101(a)(15)(L) of the Act. The petitioner must also establish that the beneficiary's prior education, training, and employment qualify him or her to perform the intended services in the United States. 8 C.F.R. ยง 214.2(1)(3). II. BACKGROUND The Petitioner is an IT company that provides its clients with metadata analytics about application usage and offers "complete application lifecycle support" in implementing and upgrading software and "ongoing management and functional support." It highlights the Beneficiary's "in-depth knowledge" about the design, development, and delivery of the organization's "proprietary products and solutions" and states that the Beneficiary is "intricately familiar" with the company's "internal business methodologies, processes, and procedures" that were "internally developed" over "many years." The Petitioner states that during his employment with the foreign entity the Beneficiary relied 