U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 8494023 Appeal of California Service Center Decision Form 1-129, Petition for Nonimmigrant Worker (H-lB) Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: JUNE 1 7, 2020 The Petitioner, a software and development consulting company, seeks to temporarily employ the Beneficiary as a "UI developer" under the H-lB nonimrnigrant classification for specialty occupations.1 The H-lB program allows a U.S. employer to temporarily employ a qualified foreign worker in a position that requires both (a) the theoretical and practical application of a body of highly specialized knowledge and (b) the attainment of a bachelor's or higher degree in the specific specialty (or its equivalent) as a minimum prerequisite for entry into the position. The Director of the California Service Center denied the petition, concluding that the record did not establish (1) that the proffered position qualifies as a specialty occupation and (2) that the Beneficiary would perform the services of a specialty occupation for the requested employment period. The matter is now before us on appeal. The Petitioner bears the burden of proof to demonstrate eligibility by a preponderance of the evidence. 2 We review the questions in this matter de nova. 3 Upon de nova review, we will dismiss the appeal. I. BACKGROUND The Petitioner, located in Georgia, seeks to deploy the Beneficiary to an end-client location in Missouri, pursuant to a series of contractual relationshi s between the Petitioner andl vendor), between the first-vendor and (second-lvendor) ard between the second-vendor and ....._ ________ __,,end-client, doing business as . The contractual path of succession between the actors in this case therefore appears to flow as follows: Petitioner Vendor Second-Vendor End-Client. Upon review of the record in its totality and for the reasons set out below, we conclude that the Petitioner has not demonstrated that the proffered position qualifies as a specialty occupation.4 1 Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section l0l(a)( 15)(H)(i)(b ), 8 U.S.C. ยง l 10l(a)(l5)(H)(i)(b ). 2 Section 291 of the Act; Matter of Chawathe, 25 J&N Dec. 369, 375 (AAO 2010). 3 See Matter of Christo 's Inc., 26 I&N Dec. 537, 537 n.2 (AAO 2015). 4 The Petitioner submitted documentation to support the H-1 B petition, including evidence regarding the proffered position 