U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 8188154 Motion on Administrative Appeals Office Decision Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: WL Y 6, 2020 Form 1-129, Petition for Nonimmigrant Worker (Religious Worker-R-1) The Petitioner, a church, seeks to classify the Beneficiary as a nonimmigrant religious worker to perform services as a pastor. See Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 101(a)(l5)(R), 8 U.S.C. ยง 110l(a)(l5)(R). This nonimmigrant classification allows non-profit religious organizations, or their affiliates, to temporarily employ foreign nationals as ministers, in religious vocations, or in religious occupations in the United States. The Director of the California Service Center denied the petition, concluding that the record did not establish how it intends to compensate the Beneficiary. In addition, she found that the record did not demonstrate the Beneficiary's denominational membership during the two years preceding the filing of the petition or that she has the requisite qualifications as a minister. The Petitioner appealed the Director's decision, submitting additional evidence. However, we found in our decision that the evidence regarding the non-salaried compensation lacked detail and was otherwise insufficient, and that the Petitioner's new statement about a salary to be offered to the Beneficiary constituted an impermissible material change to the petition. In addition, we found that the Petitioner had not established that the Beneficiary's ordainment as a minister by a different organization met its own qualifications, and that the assertion that the denomination to which the Beneficiary previously belonged was the same as the Petitioner's was not supported by documentary evidence. On motion, the Petitioner submits new evidence and asserts that the record demonstrates eligibility for the benefit sought. In these proceedings, it is the Petitioner's burden to establish eligibility for the requested benefit. Section 291 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. ยง 1361. Upon review, we will dismiss both motions. I. LAW A motion to reconsider is based on an incorrect application of law or policy, and a motion to reopen is based on documentary evidence of new facts. The requirements of a motion to reconsider are located at 8 C.F.R. ยง 103.5(a)(3), and the requirements of a motion to reopen are located at 8 C.F.R. ยง 