U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 8360107 Appeal of Newark, New Jersey Field Office Decision Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: JUNE 16, 2020 Form 1-212, Application for Permission to Reapply for Admission The Applicant seeks perrmss10n to reapply for admission to the United States under section 212(a)(9)(A)(iii) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act), 8 U.S.C. ยง 1182(a)(9)(A)(iii), because he will be inadmissible upon departure from the United States for having been previously ordered removed. The Director of the Newark, New Jersey Field Office denied the application, concluding that the positive factors in the Applicant's case did not indicate a hardship beyond that which could be reasonably expected upon separation and did not therefore outweigh the negative impact of his failure to comply with voluntary departure and the resulting removal order. On appeal, the Applicant asserts that the Director applied incorrect legal standard in the discretionary analysis, as permission to reapply for admission does not require a showing of extreme or unusual hardship, but is based on balancing positive factors against the negative ones. He reasserts that he merits a favorable exercise of discretion because of his long-time residence and family ties in the United States, good moral character, and financial hardship to his family ifhe were to return to Ghana and remain there for the entire inadmissibility period. The burden of proof in these proceedings rests with the Applicant. Section 291 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. ยง 13 61. Upon de novo review, we will remand the matter to the Director for the entry of a new decision consistent with our analysis below. I. LAW Section 212(a)(9)(A)(ii) of the Act provides, in part, that an alien, other than an "arriving alien," who has been ordered removed under section 240 or any other provision oflaw, or who departed the United States while an order of removal was outstanding, and who seeks admission within 10 years of the date of such departure or removal, is inadmissible. An alien inadmissible under section 212(a)(9)(A) of the Act may seek pennission to reapply for admission under section 212(a)(9)(A)(iii) of the Act if, prior to the date of the reembarkation at a place outside the United States or attempt to be admitted from foreign continuous territory, the Secretary of Homeland Security has consented to the alien's reapplying for admission. 