U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 10183068 Appeal of Nebraska Service Center Decision Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: AUG. 06, 2020 Form 1-140, Immigrant Petition for Advanced Degree Professional The Petitioner seeks to employ the Beneficiary as senior mechanical engineer. It requests classification of the Beneficiary as a member of the professions holding an advanced degree under the second preference immigrant classification. Immigration and Nationality Act section 203(b )(2), 8 U.S.C. § 1153(b )(2). This employment-based immigrant classification allows a U.S. employer to sponsor a professional with an advanced degree for lawful permanent resident status. The Director of the Nebraska Service Center denied the petition, concluding that the record did not establish the Petitioner's continuing ability to pay the proffered wage from the petition's priority date onward. The matter is now before us on appeal. In these proceedings, it is the Petitioner's burden to establish eligibility for the requested benefit. Section 291 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. § 1361. Upon de nova review, we will dismiss the appeal. I. THE EMPLOYMENT-BASED IMMIGRATION PROCESS Employment-based immigration generally follows a three-step process. First, an employer obtains an approved labor certification from the U.S. Department of Labor (DOL).1 See section 212(a)(5)(A)(i) of the Act, 8 U.S.C. § 1182(a)(5)(A)(i). By approving the labor certification, the DOL certifies that there are insufficient U.S. workers who are able, willing, qualified, and available for the offered position and that employing a foreign national in the position will not adversely affect the wages and working conditions of domestic workers similarly employed. See section 212(a)(5)(A)(i)(l)-(11) of the Act. Second, the employer files an immigrant visa petition with U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS). See section 204 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. § 1154. Third, ifUSCIS approves the petition, the foreign national applies for an immigrant visa abroad or, if eligible, adjustment of status in the United States. See section 245 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. § 1255. 1 The priority date of a petition is the date the DOL accepted the labor certification for processing, which in this case is August 7, 2018. See 8 C.F.R. § 204.S(d). 