U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 9777396 Appeal of Texas Service Center Decision Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: AUG. 25, 2020 Form 1-140, Immigrant Petition for Alien Worker (Extraordinary Ability) The Petitioner, a patent agent, seeks classification as an alien of extraordinary ability. See Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 203(b)(l)(A), 8 U.S.C. ยง 1153(b)(l)(A). This first preference classification makes immigrant visas available to those who can demonstrate their extraordinary ability through sustained national or international acclaim and whose achievements have been recognized in their field through extensive documentation. The Director of the Texas Service Center denied the petition, concluding that the Petitioner had satisfied only two of the initial evidentiary criteria, of which he must meet at least three. In these proceedings, it is the Petitioner's burden to establish eligibility for the requested benefit. See Section 291 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. ยง 1361. Upon de nova review, we will dismiss the appeal. I. LAW Section 203(b)(l) of the Act makes visas available to immigrants with extraordinary ability if: (i) the alien has extraordinary ability in the sciences, arts, education, business, or athletics which has been demonstrated by sustained national or international acclaim and whose achievements have been recognized in the field through extensive documentation, (ii) the alien seeks to enter the United States to continue work in the area of extraordinary ability, and (iii) the alien's entry into the United States will substantially benefit prospectively the United States. The term "extraordinary ability" refers only to those individuals in "that small percentage who have risen to the very top of the field of endeavor." 8 C.F.R. ยง 204.5(h)(2). The implementing regulation at 8 C.F.R. ยง 204.5(h)(3) sets forth a multi-part analysis. First, a petitioner can demonstrate sustained acclaim and the recognition of his or her achievements in the field through a one-time achievement 