U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 1221860 Motion on Administrative Appeals Office Decision Form 1-918, Petition for U Nonimmigrant Status Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: AUG. 31, 2020 The Petitioner seeks "U-1" nonimmigrant classification as a victim of qualifying criminal activity under sections 101(a)(15)(U) and 214(p) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act), 8 U.S.C. §§ 1101(a)(15)(U) and 1184(p). The Director of the Vermont Service Center denied the Form 1-918, Petition for U Nonimmigrant Status (U petition). We dismissed the Petitioner's appeal. This matter is now before us on a motion to reopen and reconsider. The Applicant submits additional evidence and a brief asserting that she has demonstrated her eligibility for U-1 nonimmigrant classification. Upon review, we will dismiss the motion to reopen and motion to reconsider. I. LAW A motion to reopen must state new facts to be proved and be supported by affidavits or other evidence. 8 C.F.R. § 103.5(a)(2). A motion to reconsider must establish that our decision was based on an incorrect application of law or policy and that the decision was incorrect based on the evidence in the record of proceedings at the time of the decision. 8 C.F.R. § 103.5(a)(3). We may grant a motion that satisfies these requirements and demonstrates eligibility for the requested immigration benefit. To qualify for U-1 nonimmigrant classification, a petitioner must establish that they: have suffered substantial physical or mental abuse as a result of having been the victim of qualifying criminal activity; possess information concerning the qualifying criminal activity; and have been helpful, are being helpful, or are likely to be helpful to law enforcement authorities investigating or prosecuting the qualifying criminal activity. Section 101(a)(15)(U)(i) of the Act. A "victim of qualifying criminal activity" is defined as an individual who has "suffered direct and proximate harm as a result of the commission of qualifying criminal activity." 8 C.F.R. § 214.14(a)(14). Where the direct victim of qualifying criminal activity is deceased due to murder or manslaughter, certain family members may be considered victims. Id. at § 214.14(a)(14)(i). The qualifying family members in this situation are the direct victim's spouse, children, and, if the direct victim was under 21 years of age at the time of the criminal activity, the direct victim's parents and unmarried siblings under the age of 18. Id. "Qualifying criminal activity" is "that involving one or more of" the 26 types of crimes listed at section 101(a)(15)(U)(iii) of the Act or "any similar activity 