U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 9301751 Appeal of Nebraska Service Center Decision Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: SEP. 01, 2020 Form 1-140, Petition for Multinational Manager or Executive The Petitioner seeks to permanently employ the Beneficiary as its IT [information technology] director under the first-preference, immigrant classification for multinational managers or executives. See Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 203(b)(l)(C), 8 U.S.C. § 1153(b)(l)(C). The Director of the Nebraska Service Center denied the petition. The Director concluded that, contrary to the Petitioner's claims, the company did not demonstrate its proposed U.S. employment of the Beneficiary, or his prior work for its Mexican affiliate, in a managerial capacity. The Petitioner bears the burden of establishing eligibility for the requested benefit. Section 291 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. § 1361. Upon de nova review, we will dismiss the appeal. I. MULTINATIONAL MANAGERS AND EXECUTIVES A petition for a multinational manager or executive must demonstrate that, in the three years before a beneficiary's U.S. entry as a nonimmigrant, the petitioner, or a subsidiary or affiliate of it, employed the beneficiary abroad for at least one year in a managerial or executive capacity. 8 C.F.R. §§ 204.5U)(3)(B), (C). Also, the petitioner must have been doing business in the United States for at least one year and must offer the beneficiary a U.S. position in a managerial or executive capacity. 8 C.F.R. §§ 204.5U)(3)(D), (5). Further, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) may request additional evidence. 8 C.F.R. § 204.5U)(3)(ii). II. THE PROPOSED POSITION IN THE UNITED STATES The term "managerial capacity" refers to a position that would primarily: 1) manage the organization or a department, subdivision, function, or component of it; 2) supervise and control the work of other supervisory, professional, or managerial employees, or manage an essential function of the organization, department, or subdivision; 3) have authority to hire and fire or recommend those and other personnel actions, or, if supervising no employees, function at a senior level within the organizational hierarchy or regarding the managed function; and 4) exercise discretion over the daily operations of the activity or function for which the employee has authority. 8 C.F.R. § 204.5U)(2) (defining the term "managerial capacity"). 