U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 8770230 Appeal of California Service Center Decision Form 1-129, Petition for Nonimmigrant Worker (H-lB) Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: JUNE 1 7, 2020 The Petitioner, a software development and implementation company, seeks to temporarily employ the Beneficiary as an "computer systems analyst" under the H-lB nonimmigrant classification for specialty occupations. See Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 101(a)(15)(H)(i)(b), 8 U.S.C. ยง 1101(a)(15)(H)(i)(b). The Director of the California Service Center denied the petition, concluding that the record does not establish that the Beneficiary is qualified for the proffered position. On appeal, the Petitioner asserts that the Director erred in the decision. While we conduct de nova review on appeal, we conclude that a remand is warranted in this case because the Director's decision is insufficient for review. Specifically, the Director is required to follow long-standing legal standards and determine fust, whether the proffered position qualifies for classification as a specialty occupation, and second, whether the Beneficiary was qualified for the position at the time the nonimmigrant visa petition was filed. Cf Matter of Michael Hertz Assocs., 19 I&N Dec. 558, 560 (Comm'r 1988) ("The facts of a beneficiary's background only come at issue after it is found that the position in which the petitioner intends to employ him falls within [a specialty occupation]."). As presently constituted, the record does not demonstrate that the proffered position qualifies as a specialty occupation. See 8 C.F.R. ยง 214.2(h)(4)(iii)(A). The Petitioner has not provided sufficient documentation from a probative, authoritative source to substantiate its assertion regarding the minimum requirement for entry into this particular position. The labor condition application (LCA) 1 submitted in support of the H-lB petition classifies the proffered position as being located within the occupational category of "Computer Systems Analysts" corresponding to the Standard Occupational Classification (SOC) code 15-1121. We reviewed the Handbook's subchapter entitled "How to Become a Computer Systems Analyst," which states, in pertinent part, that "a bachelor's degree in a 1 A petitioner submits the LCA to DOL to demonstrate that it will pay an H-lB worker the higher of either the prevailing wage for the occupational classification in the area of employment or the actual wage paid by the employer to other employees with similar duties, experience, and qualifications. Section 212(n)(l) of the Act; 20 C.F.R. ยง 655.73l(a). 