U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 11211995 Appeal of Nebraska Service Center Decision Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: OCT. 1, 2020 Form 1-140, Petition for Multinational Managers or Executives The Petitioner, describing itself a designer and developer of software applications, seeks to permanently employ the Beneficiary as its chief executive officer (CEO) in the United States under the first preference immigrant classification for multinational executives or managers. Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 203(b)(l)(C), 8 U.S.C. ยง 1153(b)(l)(C). The Director of the Nebraska Service Center denied the petition, concluding the record did not establish, as required, that the Beneficiary would be employed in a managerial or executive capacity in the United States. In addition, the Director determined the Petitioner did not demonstrate that the Beneficiary had been employed in a managerial or executive capacity in his former position abroad. On appeal, the Petitioner asserts the Director erred in concluding that it did not submit a sufficiently detailed duty description including percentages of time the Beneficiary devoted to his daily tasks in the United States. Further, contrary to the Director's conclusions, the Petitioner contends it provided a U.S. organizational chart, "numerous examples," and "specific evidence" of the Beneficiary's managerial and executive duties in the United States. The Petitioner also states that the Director did not consider a submitted foreign employer support letter and other supporting evidence demonstrating the Beneficiary's former managerial and executive role abroad. In these proceedings, it is the Petitioner's burden to establish eligibility for the requested benefit. Section 291 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. ยง 1361. Upon de nova review, we will dismiss the appeal. I. LEGAL FRAMEWORK An immigrant visa is available to a beneficiary who, in the three years preceding the filing of the petition, has been employed outside the United States for at least one year in a managerial or executive capacity, and seeks to enter the United States in order to continue to render managerial or executive services to the same employer or to its subsidiary or affiliate. Section 203(b )(1 )(C) of the Act. The Form 1-140, Immigrant Petition for Alien Worker, must include a statement from an authorized official of the petitioning United States employer which demonstrates that the beneficiary has been employed abroad in a managerial or executive capacity for at least one year in the three years preceding 