U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 9501457 Appeal of California Service Center Decision Form 1-129, Petition for a Nonimmigrant Worker (H-lB) Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: WL Y 6, 2020 The Petitioner, an international staffing and consulting services company, seeks to temporarily employ the Beneficiary under the H-lB nonimmigrant classification for specialty occupations. See Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 101(a)(15)(H)(i)(b), 8 U.S.C. ยง l 101(a)(15)(H)(i)(b). The H-lB program allows a U.S. employer to temporarily employ a qualified foreign worker in a position that requires both (a) the theoretical and practical application of a body of highly specialized knowledge and (b) the attainment of a bachelor's or higher degree in the specific specialty (or its equivalent) as a minimum prerequisite for entry into the position. The Director of the California Service Center denied the petition, concluding that the evidence of record does not establish that (I) the Petitioner will have an employer-employee relationship with the Beneficiary, and (2) the proffered position qualifies as a specialty occupation. Upon de nova review, we will remand the matter for the entry of a new decision. The Petitioner submits additional evidence on appeal including a new letter from the client. The Petitioner asserts that the evidence submitted demonstrates that the proffered position qualifies as a specialty occupation and that it will have an employer-employee relationship with the Beneficiary. While this appeal was pending, the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia issued a decision inltserve Alliance, Inc. v. Cissna, ---F.Supp.3d---, 2020 WL 1150186 (D.D.C. 2020). Subsequently, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) rescinded previously issued policy guidance and directed its officers to apply the existing regulatory definition at 8 C.F .R. ยง 214.2(h)( 4 )(ii) to assess whether a petitioner and a beneficiary have an employer-employee relationship. USCIS Policy Memorandum PM-602-0114, Rescission of Policy Memoranda at 2 (June 17, 2020), http://www.uscis.gov/legal-resources/policy-memoranda. Because this case is affected by the new policy guidance and the Director has not yet addressed the additional evidence submitted on appeal, we find it appropriate to remand the matter for the Director to consider the questions anew and to adjudicate in the first instance any additional issues as may be necessary and appropriate. Accordingly, the following order shall be issued. 