U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 8961386 Appeal of California Service Center Decision Form 1-129, Petition for Nonimmigrant Worker (H-lB) Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: JUNE 1 7, 2020 The Petitioner, a software consulting company, seeks to temporarily employ the Beneficiary as a "senior data scientist" under the H-lB nonirnmigrant classification for specialty occupations.1 The H-lB program allows a U.S. employer to temporarily employ a qualified foreign worker in a position that requires both (a) the theoretical and practical application of a body of highly specialized knowledge and (b) the attainment of a bachelor's or higher degree in the specific specialty ( or its equivalent) as a minimum prerequisite for entry into the position. The Director of the California Service Center denied the petition, concluding that the record does not establish that the Beneficiary is qualified for the proffered position. On appeal, the Petitioner asserts that the Director erred in the decision. While we conduct de nova review on appeal, we conclude that a remand is warranted in this case because the Director's decision is insufficient for review. We will withdraw the Director's decision and remand the matter for entry of a new decision consistent with the analysis below. I. ANALYSIS On the labor condition application (LCA) submitted in support of the H-lB petition, the Petitioner designated the proffered position under the occupational category "Computer and Information Research Scientists," corresponding to the Standard Occupational Classification code 15-1111. 2 Throughout the proceedings, the Petitioner has maintained that the proffered position of "senior data scientist" requires a minimum of a bachelor's degree in computer science or information technology. For the reasons below, we conclude that the Petitioner has not sufficiently established the essential nature of the proffered position. 1 Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section l0l(a)( 15)(H)(i)(b ), 8 U.S.C. ยง l 10l(a)(l5)(H)(i)(b) 2 A petitioner submits the LCA to DOL to demonstrate that it will pay an H-1 B worker the higher of either the prevailing wage for the occupational classification in the area of employment or the actual wage paid by the employer to other employees with similar duties, experience, and qualifications. Section 212(n)(l) of the Act; 20 C.F.R. ยง 655.73l(a). 