U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 6500172 Motion on Administrative Appeals Office Decision Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: JUNE 1, 2020 Form 1-485, Application to Register Permanent Residence or Adjust Status The Applicant seeks to become a lawful permanent resident (LPR) under section 245(m) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act), 8 U.S.C. ยง 1255(m), based on his derivative "U" nonimmigrant status as the qualifying family member of a victim of qualifying criminal activity. The Director of the Vermont Service Center denied the Form 1-485, Application to Register Permanent Residence or Adjust Status (U adjustment application), and motion to reconsider, and we dismissed the Applicant's subsequent appeal. The matter is now before us on a motion to reconsider. Upon review, we will dismiss the motion. I. LAW A motion to reconsider must establish that our decision was based on an incorrect application of the law or U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) policy and that the decision was incorrect based on the evidence in the record as the time of the initial decision. 8 C.F.R. ยง 103.5(a)(3). Although the Applicant presents new legal arguments on motion, they are ultimately insufficient to establish his eligibility. The burden of proof is on the applicant to demonstrate eligibility by a preponderance of the evidence. 8 C.F.R. ยง 214.1 l(d)(5); Matter of Chawathe, 25 I&N Dec. 369, 375 (AAO 2010). II. ANALYSIS The Applicant, a native and citizen of Mexico, was granted U-4 status as the parent of a victim of qualifying criminal activity from October 2013 to September 2017, and timely filed his U adjustment application in February 2017. In our prior decision, incorporated here by reference, we determined that the Applicant had not established that his continued presence in the United States was justified on humanitarian grounds, to ensure family unity, or was otherwise in the public interest, as required by section 245(m)(l )(B) of the Act, because his criminal history and lack of rehabilitation outweighed his positive equities and he had not demonstrated that he merited a favorable exercise of discretion. The Applicant has not established legal error in our prior decision and has not overcome these determinations on motion. 