U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 5968204 Appeal of California Service Center Decision Form 1-129, Petition for Nonimmigrant Worker (H-lB) Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: WL Y 21, 2020 The Petitioner, a computer software development and consulting business, seeks to temporarily employ the Beneficiary as an "A WS Administrator" under the H-lB nonimmigrant classification for specialty occupations. See Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 101(a)(l5)(H)(i)(b), 8 U.S.C. ยง 1101(a)(15)(H)(i)(b). The H-lB program allows a U.S. employer to temporarily employ a qualified foreign worker in a position that requires both (a) the theoretical and practical application of a body of highly specialized knowledge and (b) the attainment of a bachelor's or higher degree in the specific specialty ( or its equivalent) as a minimum prerequisite for entry into the position. The California Service Center Director denied the petition, concluding that the record did not establish that the Beneficiary would perform services in a specialty occupation throughout the duration of the period of requested employment, and that the Petitioner would maintain an employer-employee relationship throughout the duration of the period of requested employment. While this appeal was pending, the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia issued a decision inltserve Alliance, Inc. v. Cissna, ---F.Supp.3d---, 2020 WL 1150186 (D.D.C. 2020). Subsequently, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) rescinded previously-issued policy guidance and directed its officers to apply the existing regulatory definition at 8 C.F .R. ยง 214.2(h)( 4 )(ii) to assess whether a petitioner and a beneficiary have an employer-employee relationship. USCIS Policy Memorandum PM-602-0114, Rescission of Policy Memoranda at 2 (June 17, 2020), http://www. uscis. gov /legal-resources/policy-memoranda. Because this case is affected by the new policy guidance, we find it appropriate to remand the matter for the Director to consider these questions anew and to adjudicate in the first instance any additional issues as may be necessary and appropriate. Accordingly, the following order shall be issued. ORDER: The decision of the Director is withdrawn. The matter is remanded for further proceedings consistent with the foregoing analysis and entry of a new decision. 