U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 6820589 Motion on Administrative Appeals Office Decision Form 1-918, Petition for U Nonimmigrant Status Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: JULY 27, 2020 The Petitioner seeks "U-1" nonimrnigrant classification as a victim of qualifying criminal activity under sections 101(a)(15)(U) and 214(p) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act), 8 U.S.C. §§ 1101(a)(15)(U) and 1184(p). The Director of the Vermont Service Center denied the Petitioner's Form 1-918, Petition for U Nonimmigrant Status (U petition), concluding that the Petitioner did not establish her admissibility, as required. The Director concurrently denied the Petitioner's Form 1-192, Application for Advance Permission to Enter as Nonimrnigrant (waiver application), finding that a favorable exercise of discretion was not warranted. We dismissed the Petitioner's subsequent appeal of the denial of the U petition, and the matter is now before us on a motion reconsider. Upon review, we will dismiss the motion. I. LAW A motion to reconsider must establish that our decision was based on an incorrect application of the law or U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) policy and that the decision was incorrect based on the evidence in the record as the time of the initial decision. 8 C.F.R. § 103.5(a)(3). Although the Petitioner presents new legal arguments on motion, they are ultimately insufficient to establish her eligibility. The burden of proof is on the petitioner to demonstrate eligibility by a preponderance of the evidence. 8 C.F.R. § 214. l l(d)(5); Matter of Chawathe, 25 l&N Dec. 369, 375 (AAO 2010). II. ANALYSIS In our prior decision, incorporated here by reference, we determined that the Petitioner had not established her eligibility for U-1 nonirnrnigrant status because she had not established that she was admissible to the United States or that the applicable grounds of inadmissibility had been waived, as required. We first noted that the record indicated that the Petitioner had previously sought lawful permanent resident status based on a marriage that was not entered into in good faith, which supported the Director's determination that she was inadmissible under section 212(a)(6)(C)(i) of the Act for seeking to procure an immigration benefit through fraud or misrepresentation. We further explained that the Petitioner had not demonstrated that the applicable ground of inadmissibility had been waived, 