U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 8843415 Appeal of California Service Center Decision Form I-129, Petition for Nonimmigrant Worker (H-lB) Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: JUNE 2, 2020 The Petitioner seeks to temporarily employ the Beneficiary as a "utilization review coordinator" under the H-lB nonirnrnigrant classification for specialty occupations. See Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 10l(a)(l5)(H)(i)(b), 8 U.S.C. ยง l 10l(a)(l5)(H)(i)(b). The H-lB program allows a U.S. employer to temporarily employ a qualified foreign worker in a position that requires both: (a) the theoretical and practical application of a body of highly specialized knowledge; and (b) the attainment of a bachelor's or higher degree in the specific specialty (or its equivalent) as a minimum prerequisite for entry into the position. The Director of the California Service Center denied the petition, concluding that the evidence of record does not establish that the Beneficiary is qualified to perform the duties of the proffered position. In these proceedings, it is the Petitioner's burden to establish eligibility for the requested benefit. Section 291 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. ยง 1361; Matter ofSkirball Cultural Ctr., 25 I&N Dec. 799, 806 (AAO 2012). Upon de nova review, the decision of the Director is withdrawn. The matter is remanded for the entry of a new decision consistent with the foregoing analysis. As noted, the Director concluded that the record did not establish that the Beneficiary was qualified to perform services in the proffered position. However, we find the conclusion premature, as the record of proceedings at the current time is not sufficiently developed so as to allow us to determine whether the proffered position is actually located within the occupational category for which the labor condition application (LCA) was certified. Without knowing the answer to that question, we cannot determine the actual, substantive nature of the position, which means that as this record currently stands, we cannot determine if the proffered position is a specialty occupation.1 We therefore are 1 U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) is required to follow long-standing legal standards and determine first, whether the proffered position qualifies as a specialty occupation, and second, whether the Beneficiary was qualified for the position at the time the nonimmigrant visa petition was filed. Cf Matter of Michael Hertz Assocs., 19 l&N Dec. 558, 560 (Comrn'r 1988). ("The facts of a beneficiary's background only come at issue after it is found that the position in which the petitioner intends to employ him falls within [a specialty occupation]."). 