U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 7867864 Appeal of Las Vegas, Nevada Field Office Decision Form 1-601, Application to Waive Inadmissibility Grounds Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: JUNE 9, 2020 The Applicant seeks a waiver of inadmissibility under section 212(a)(9)(B)(v) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act), 8 U.S.C. ยง 1182(a)(9)(B)(v), for having accrued unlawful presence in the United States. The Director of the Las Vegas, Nevada Field Office denied the application, concluding that the Applicant was inadmissible under section 212( a)(9)(B)(i)(II) of the Act for accruing unlawful presence in the United States of one year or more. The Director then determined that the Applicant did not establish that her lawful permanent resident parents, the only qualifying relatives, would experience extreme hardship if she is removed from the United States. On appeal, the Applicant asserts that she provided ample evidence that refusal of her admission would cause extreme hardship to her parents. In these proceedings, an applicant has the burden of proving eligibility for a waiver of inadmissibility. Section 291 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. ยง 1361. Upon de nova review, we will dismiss the appeal because the Applicant has not met this burden. I. LAW A foreign national who has been unlawfully present in the United States for 1 year or more, and who again seeks admission within 10 years of the date of departure or removal from the United States, is inadmissible. Section 212( a)(9)(B)(i)(II) of the Act. There is a discretionary waiver of this inadmissibility if refusal of admission would result in extreme hardship to the United States citizen or lawful permanent resident spouse or parent of the foreign national. Section 212(a)(9)(B)(v) of the Act. A determination of whether denial of admission will result in extreme hardship depends on the facts and circumstances of each case. Matter of Cervantes-Gonzalez, 22 l&N Dec. 560, 565 (BIA 1999) (citations omitted). We recognize that some degree of hardship to qualifying relatives is present in most cases; however, to be considered "extreme," the hardship must exceed that which is usual or expected. See Matter of Pilch, 21 l&N Dec. 627, 630-1 (BIA 1996) (finding that factors such as 