U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 8867586 Appeal of Vermont Service Center Decision Form 1-129, Petition for a Nonimmigrant Worker Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: WL Y 2, 2020 The Petitioner, a community retail pharmacy, seeks to temporarily employ the Beneficiary as a "regulatory and compliance analyst" under the H-1B nonimmigrant classification for specialty occupations. See Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 101(a)(l5)(H)(i)(b), 8 U.S.C. ยง 1101(a)(15)(H)(i)(b). The H-lB program allows a U.S. employer to temporarily employ a qualified foreign worker in a position that requires both (a) the theoretical and practical application of a body of highly specialized knowledge and (b) the attainment of a bachelor's or higher degree in the specific specialty ( or its equivalent) as a minimum prerequisite for entry into the position. The Director of the Vermont Service Center denied the petition, concluding that the record does not establish that the Beneficiary is qualified for the proffered position. The matter is now before us on appeal. While we conduct de nova review on appeal, we conclude that a remand is warranted in this case because the Director's decision is insufficient for review. Specifically, the Director must determine whether the proffered position 1) is actually located within the occupational category for which the Department of Labor (DOL) ETA Form 9035 & 9035E, Labor Condition Application for Nonimmigrant Workers (LCA) was certified, 1 and 2) qualifies for classification as a specialty occupation. We therefore are withdrawing the Director's decision and remanding the matter for further review of the record and issuance of a new decision. On the LCA, the Petitioner designated the proffered position under the occupational category for "Pharmacists," corresponding to the Standard Occupational Classification (SOC) code 29-1051. 2 The Petitioner selected a Level I wage as corresponding to the job requirements, necessary experience, 1 While DOL certifies the LCA, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) determines whether the LCA's attestations and content corresponds with and supports the H-lB petition. See 20 C.F.R. ยง 655.705(b) ("DHS determines whether the petition is supported by an LCA which corresponds with the petition .... "). See also Matter of Simeio Solutions, 26 I&N Dec. 542, 546 n.6 (AAO 2015). When comparing the standard occupation classification (SOC) code or the wage level indicated on the LCA to the claims associated with the petition, USCIS does not purport to supplant DOL's responsibility with respect to wage determinations. There may be some overlap in considerations, but USCIS' responsibility at its stage of adjudication is to ensure that the content of the DOL-certified LCA "corresponds with" the content of the H-lB petition. 2 See https://www.onetonline.org/link/summary/29-l 051.00 