U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 10857746 Appeal of Charlotte, North Carolina Field Office Decision Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: SEPT. 28, 2020 Form 1-212, Application for Permission to Reapply for Admission The Applicant seeks pemnss1on to reapply for admission to the United States under section 212(a)(9)(A)(iii) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act), 8 U.S.C. ยง 1182(a)(9)(A)(iii), because she will be inadmissible upon departing from the United States for having been previously ordered removed. Permission to reapply for admission to the United States is an exception to this inadmissibility, which U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) may grant in the exercise of discretion. The Director of the Charlotte, North Carolina Field Office denied the application as a matter of discretion, concluding that the unfavorable factors outweighed the positive equities. On appeal, the Applicant submits additional documentation and contends that her case merits approval. The Applicant bears the burden of proof to establish eligibility for the requested benefit by a preponderance of the evidence. Section 291 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. ยง 1361. Upon de nova review, as explained below, we will remand the matter to the Director for the entry of a new decision. The Applicant is currently in the United States and seeks permission to reapply for admission pursuant to the regulation at 8 C.F.R. ยง 212.2(j) before departing the United States. 1 She does not contest that she has an outstanding order of deportation and will be inadmissible under section 212(a)(9)(A)(ii) of the Act once she departs. 2 Approval of an application for permission to reapply is discretionary, and any unfavorable factors will be weighed against the favorable factors to determine if approval of the application is warranted as a matter of discretion. Matter of Lee, 17 I&N Dec. 275, 278-79 (Reg'l Comm'r 1978). Factors to be considered in determining whether to grant pennission to reapply include the basis for the prior deportation; the recency of deportation; length ofresidence in the United States; the applicant's moral 1 The approval of her application is conditioned upon departure from the United States and would have no effect if the Applicant does not depart. 2 The record indicates that the Applicant was admitted into the United States in 1994 with a K-1 nonimmigrant visa. In 1998, an immigration judge denied the Applicant's request for asylum in the United States and granted her voluntary departure with an alternate order of removal to China. The Board of Immigration Appeals dismissed the Applicant's subsequent appeal in 2002. The Applicant did not depart and continues to reside in the United States. 