U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 10066004 Motion of Administrative Appeals Office Decision Form 1-129, Petition for a Nonimmigrant Worker (H-lB) Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: WL Y 24, 2020 The Petitioner, a biopharmaceutical manufacturing company, seeks to temporarily employ the Beneficiary as a "quality assurance lot review specialist II" under the H-1 B nonimmigrant classification for specialty occupations. See Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 101(a)(15)(H)(i)(b), 8 U.S.C. ยง 1101(a)(15)(H)(i)(b). The H-lB program allows a U.S. employer to temporarily employ a qualified foreign worker in a position that requires both (a) the theoretical and practical application of a body of highly specialized knowledge and (b) the attainment of a bachelor's or higher degree in the specific specialty ( or its equivalent) as a minimum prerequisite for entry into the position. The Director of the Vermont Service Center denied the petition, concluding that the evidence ofrecord does not establish that the proffered position qualifies as a specialty occupation. We dismissed the subsequent appeal concluding that the Petitioner did not demonstrate that the proffered position qualifies as a specialty occupation. The matter is before us on a combined motion to reopen and motion to reconsider. In the combined motions, the Petitioner contends that the proffered position qualifies as a specialty occupation. The Petitioner bears the burden of proof to demonstrate eligibility by a preponderance of the evidence. Section 291 of the Act; Matter of Chawathe, 25 I&N Dec. 369, 375 (AAO 2010). Upon review, we will dismiss the motions. I. MOTION REQUIREMENTS A motion to reopen must state new facts and be supported by documentary evidence. 8 C.F.R. ยง 103.5(a)(2). A motion to reconsider must establish that our decision was based on an incorrect application oflaw or policy, and that the decision was incorrect based on the evidence in the record of proceedings at the time of the decision. 8 C.F.R. ยง 103.5(a)(3). A motion to reconsider must be supported by a pertinent precedent or adopted decision, statutory or regulatory provision, or statement of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) or Department of Homeland Security policy. 