U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 9016414 Motion on Administrative Appeals Office Decision Form 1-129, Petition for Nonimmigrant Worker (H-lB) Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: JUNE 30, 2020 The Petitioner seeks to temporarily employ the Beneficiary as a "software engineer" under the H-IB nonimmigrant classification for specialty occupations. See Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 101(a)(15)(H)(i)(b), 8 U.S.C. § 1101(a)(15)(H)(i)(b). See Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 101(a)(l5)(H)(i)(b), 8 U.S.C. § 110l(a)(15)(H)(i)(b). The H-lB program allows a U.S. employer to temporarily employ a qualified foreign worker in a position that requires both (a) the theoretical and practical application of a body of highly specialized knowledge and (b) the attainment of a bachelor's or higher degree in the specific specialty ( or its equivalent) as a minimum prerequisite for entry into the position. The California Service Center Director denied the petition, concluding that the Petitioner had not established an employer-employee relationship with the Beneficiary, and that the proffered position did not qualify as a specialty occupation. After issuing a notice of intent to dismiss (NOID) and reviewing the Petitioner's response to the NOID, we dismissed the appeal. The matter is now before us on a motion to reopen and a motion to reconsider. We will dismiss the motions. I. LEGAL FRAMEWORK To merit reopening or reconsideration, a petitioner must meet the formal filing requirements (such as, for instance, submission of a properly completed Form I-290B, Notice of Appeal or Motion, with the correct fee), and show proper cause for granting the motion. 8 C.F.R. § 103.5(a)(l). A motion to reopen is based on factual grounds and must (1) state the new facts to be provided in the reopened proceeding; and (2) be supported by affidavits or other documentary evidence. 8 C.F.R. § 103.5(a)(2). A motion to reconsider is based on legal grounds and must (1) state the reasons for reconsideration; (2) establish that the decision was based on an incorrect application of law or policy; and (3) establish that the decision was incorrect based on the evidence of record at the time of the initial decision. 8 C.F.R. § 103.5(a)(3). 