U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 6500168 Motion on Vermont Service Center Decision Form 1-914, Application for T Nonimmigrant Status Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: WL Y 22, 2020 The Applicant seeks T-1 nonimmigrant classification as a victim of human trafficking under Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) sections 10l(a)(l5)(T) and 214(0), 8 U.S.C. §§ 1101(a)(15)(T) and 1184(0). The Director of the Vermont Service Center denied the Form 1-914, Application for T Nonimmigrant Status (T application), concluding that that the Applicant had not demonstrated that she was a victim of a severe form of trafficking in persons, is physically present in the United States on account of the claimed trafficking, and had complied with reasonable requests for assistance in the investigation or prosecution of the trafficking. 1 We dismissed the Applicant's subsequent appeal, and the matter is now before us on a combined motion to reopen and motion to reconsider. In these proceedings, it is the Applicant's burden to establish eligibility for the requested benefit. 8 C.F.R. § 214.l l(d)(5); Matter ofChawathe, 25 l&N Dec. 369, 375 (AAO 2010). Upon review, we will grant the motion to reopen and remand the matter to the Director for further proceedings. The motion to reconsider is moot. I. LAW A motion to reopen must state new facts and be supported by documentary evidence. 8 C.F.R. § 103.5(a)(2). A motion to reconsider must establish that our decision was based on an incorrect application of law or policy and that the decision was incorrect based on the evidence in the record of proceedings at the time of the decision. 8 C.F.R. § 103.5(a)(3). Section 101 ( a)( l 5)(T)(i) of the Act provides that an applicant may be classified as a T-1 nonimmigrant if he or she: is or has been a victim of a severe form of trafficking in persons; is physically present in the United States on account of such trafficking; has complied with any reasonable requests for assistance in the investigation or prosecution of the trafficking; and would suffer extreme hardship involving unusual and severe harm upon removal from the United States. The term "severe form of trafficking in persons" is defined in pertinent part as the "the recruitment, harboring, transportation, provision, or obtaining of a person for labor or services through the use of force, fraud, or coercion for the purpose of subjection to involuntary servitude, peonage, debt bondage, or slavery." 8 C.F.R. § 214. ll(a) (2017). 1 The Director also determined that the Applicant is inadmissible to the United States. The Applicant did not raise that issue on appeal and we did not reach it. 