U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 6296433 Appeal of Vermont Service Center Decision Form 1-129, Petition for Nonimmigrant Worker (H-lB) Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: JULY 22, 2020 The Petitioner seeks to employ the Beneficiary temporarily under the H-lB nonimmigrant classification for specialty occupations.1 The H-lB program allows a U.S. employer to temporarily employ a qualified foreign worker in a position that requires both: (a) the theoretical and practical application of a body of highly specialized know ledge; and (b) the attainment of a bachelor's or higher degree in the specific specialty ( or its equivalent) as a minimum prerequisite for entry into the position. The Director of the Vermont Service Center denied the petition, concluding that the evidence of record does not establish that the Beneficiary would perform services in a specialty occupation. While this appeal was pending, the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia issued a decision in Itserve Alliance, Inc. v. Cissna, ---F.Supp.3d ---, 2020 WL 1150186 (D.D.C. 2020). Subsequently, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) rescinded previously-issued policy guidance relating to H-lB petitions filed for workers who will be employed at one or more third-party worksites. 2 The matter is now before us on appeal. Because this case is affected by the new policy guidance, we find it appropriate to remand the matter for the Director to consider the basis for denial anew. Regardless of whether there would be sufficient work available for the Beneficiary to perform, we question additionally whether the Petitioner has demonstrated the actual, substantive nature of the proffered position. In particular, we observe that the Petitioner stated that the Beneficiary would work in-house on itsl !system project as a software developer quality tester. The Petitioner provided a job description for the proffered position and stated that the position requires a bachelor's degree in computer science or engineering. We acknowledge the Petitioner's job description and claims of in-house employment, however, the record undermines these claims, which calls into question the actual, substantive nature of the work of the position. For instance, according to the Petitioner's employment offer letter, it appears that the Beneficiary may be placed at a third-party location. Specifically, the employment offer letter states that the Beneficiary's "offer is subject to change upon confirmation of the assignment." Further, the letter states: 1 See Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 101(a)(15)(H)(i)(b), 8 U.S.C. ยง 110l(a)(l5)(H)(i)(b). 2 USCIS Policy Memorandum PM-602-0114, Rescission of Policy Memoranda at 2 (June 17, 2020), http://www.uscis.gov/legal-resources/policy-memoranda. 