U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 10771689 Appeal of California Service Center Decision Form 1-129, Petition for Nonimmigrant Worker Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: SEPT. 28, 2020 The Petitioner seeks to temporarily employ the Beneficiary under the H-lB nonimmigrant classification for specialty occupations. See Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 101(a)(15)(H)(i)(b), 8 U.S.C. ยง 1101(a)(15)(H)(i)(b). The California Service Center Director denied the petition, concluding that the proffered position was not a specialty occupation, and we dismissed the Petitioner's appeal as moot. We have since reopened the matter in order to consider the merits of the appeal. Accordingly, we will reinstate the appeal in order to consider the Petitioner's brief and evidence. The Petitioner bears the burden of proof to demonstrate eligibility by a preponderance of the evidence. Section 291 of the Act; Matter of Chawathe, 25 I&N Dec. 369, 375 (AAO 2010). While we conduct de nova review on appeal, 1 a remand is warranted in this case because the Director's decision appears insufficient for review. As noted, the Director concluded that the proffered position is not a specialty occupation. However, the record of proceedings is not sufficiently developed to allow us to determine whether the proffered position is actually located within the occupational category for which the Department of Labor (DOL) ETA Form 9035 & 9035E, Labor Condition Application for Nonimmigrant Workers (LCA) was certified. 2 Without knowing the answer to that question, we cannot determine the actual, substantive nature of the position. This means that we cannot make a determination on the specialty occupation question based on the current record. 1 See Matter of Christa's Inc., 26 I&N Dec. 537,537 n.2 (AAO 2015). 2 While DOL certifies the LCA, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) determines whether the LCA's attestations and content corresponds with and supports the H-lB petition. See 20 C.F.R. ยง 655.705(b) ("DHS determines whether the petition is supported by an LCA which corresponds with the petition .... "). See also Matter of Simeio Solutions, 26 I&N Dec. 542, 546 n.6 (AAO 2015). When comparing the standard occupation classification (SOC) code or the wage level indicated on the LCA to the claims associated with the petition, USCIS does not purport to supplant DOL's responsibility with respect to wage determinations. There may be some overlap in considerations, but USCIS' responsibility at its stage of adjudication is to ensure that the content of the DOL-certified LCA "corresponds with" the content of the H-lB petition. 