U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 9252257 Appeal of Nebraska Service Center Decision Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: WL Y 1, 2020 Form 1-140, Immigrant Petition for Alien Worker (Extraordinary Ability) The Petitioner, a singer, seeks classification as an individual of extraordinary ability. See Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 203(b)(l)(A), 8 U.S.C. ยง 1153(b)(l)(A). This first preference classification makes immigrant visas available to those who can demonstrate their extraordinary ability through sustained national or international acclaim and whose achievements have been recognized in their field through extensive documentation. The Director of the Nebraska Service Center denied petition, concluding that the Petitioner had satisfied only two of the ten initial evidentiary criteria for this classification, of which she must meet at least three. The Director further determined that the Petitioner did not establish that she is coming to the United States to continue work in her area of expertise. On appeal, the Petitioner submits additional evidence and asserts that she meets six evidentiary criteria and is otherwise qualified for the requested classification. The petitioner bears the burden of proof to demonstrate eligibility by a preponderance of the evidence. Section 291 of the Act; Matter of Chawathe, 25 l&N Dec. 369,375 (AAO 2010). The Administrative Appeals Office (AAO) reviews the questions in this matter de novo. See Matter of Christo 's Inc., 26 I&N Dec. 537, 537 n.2 (AAO 2015). Upon de nova review, we will dismiss the appeal. I. LAW Section 203(b )(1) of the Act makes visas available to immigrants with extraordinary ability if: (i) the alien has extraordinary ability in the sciences, arts, education, business, or athletics which has been demonstrated by sustained national or international acclaim and whose achievements have been recognized in the field through extensive documentation, (ii) the alien seeks to enter the United States to continue work in the area of extraordinary ability, and 