U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 4810347 Appeal of Vermont Service Center Decision Form 1-129, Petition for a Nonimmigrant Worker Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: JULY 22, 2020 The Petitioner, an educational services company, seeks to temporarily employ the Beneficiary as a "business and marketing analyst" under the H-lB nonimrnigrant classification for specialty occupations. See Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 10l(a)(l5)(H)(i)(b), 8 U.S.C. ยง 110l(a)(15)(H)(i)(b). The Director of the Vermont Service Center denied the petition. The matter is now before us on appeal. The appeal will be dismissed. On the Forms G-28, Notice of Entry of Appearance as Attorney or Accredited Representative, I-290B, Notice of A eal or Motion, and 1-129, Petition for a Nonimmigrant Worker, the Petitioner authorized 1....-_.---.._...,ChiefExecutive Officer, to sign on its behalf. In reviewing the appeal, we observed that.__ __ _. signatures, which appeared on numerous documents, differed visibly from one another. We therefore issued a Notice of Intent to Dismiss and Request for Evidence (NOID/RFE) and requested an explanation. In response, the Petitioner submitted a sworn statement fro~ a copy of a document titled "Signing Authority," and a copy of an electronic message fromL___Jto Counsel. First, in the sworn statement! pttests that, while he personally signed the Form I-290B, he authorized Counsel to personally sign his name, by their hand, on the Forms 1-129 and ETA 9035/9035E submitted as, and in support of, the underlying petition. Second, I I further attests that he expressly granted Counsel authorization to sign his name on the Petitioner's documents via the "Signing Authority" document, which was executed in March 2018, and in an electronic message advising Counsel he was out of town and authorizing Counsel to sign on his behalf. As suchJ !confirms that he, as a representative of the Petitioner, did not personally sign the underlying Form 1-129 petition. U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) has issued policy guidance regarding required signatures on petitions. See USCIS Policy Memorandum PM-602-0134.1, Signatures on Paper Applications, Petitions, Requests, and Other Documents Filed with US. Citizenship and Immigration Services (signature memo) (Feb. 15, 2018), https://www.uscis.gov/sites/default/files/USCIS/Laws/ Memoranda/2018/Requests-and-Other-Documents.pdf. The signature memo became effective March 17, 2018, and it rescinded previous USCIS policy allowing for the signing of documents pursuant to Powers of Attorney (POA). While the Petitioner did not indicate that it executed a POA with Counsel, it 