U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 7952722 Appeal of California Service Center Decision Form 1-129, Petition for Nonimmigrant Worker (H-lB) Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: JUNE 1 7, 2020 The Petitioner, a footwear manufacturer, seeks to temporarily employ the Beneficiary as a "computer systems analyst" under the H-lB nonimmigrant classification for specialty occupations.1 The H-lB program allows a U.S. employer to temporarily employ a qualified foreign worker in a position that requires both (a) the theoretical and practical application of a body of highly specialized knowledge and (b) the attainment of a bachelor's or higher degree in the specific specialty ( or its equivalent) as a minimum prerequisite for entry into the position. The Director of the California Service Center denied the petition, concluding that the record did not establish that the proffered position qualifies as a specialty occupation. The matter is now before us on appeal. The Petitioner bears the burden of proof to demonstrate eligibility by a preponderance of the evidence. 2 We review the questions in this matter de novo. 3 Upon de novo review, we will dismiss the appeal. I. LEGAL FRAMEWORK Section 214(i)(l) of the Act, 8 U.S.C. ยง 1184(i)(l), defines the term "specialty occupation" as an occupation that requires: (A) theoretical and practical application of a body of highly specialized knowledge, and (B) attainment of a bachelor's or higher degree in the specific specialty (or its equivalent) as a minimum for entry into the occupation in the United States. The regulation at 8 C.F.R. ยง 214.2(h)(4)(ii) largely restates this statutory definition but adds a non-exhaustive list of fields of endeavor. In addition, the regulations provide that the proffered position must meet one of the following criteria to qualify as a specialty occupation: 1 Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 10l(a)(l5)(H)(i)(b), 8 U.S.C. ยง l 10l(a)(l5)(H)(i)(b ). 2 Section 291 of the Act; Matter ofChawathe, 25 I&N Dec. 369,375 (AAO 2010). 3 See Matter of Christo 's Inc., 26 l&N Dec. 537, 537 n.2 (AAO 2015). 