U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 10213869 Appeal of California Service Center Decision Form 1-129, Petition for Nonimmigrant Worker (H-lB) Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: WL Y 20, 2020 The Petitioner, a company engaged in consulting, product implementation and staffing services, seeks to temporarily employ the Beneficiary under the H-lB nonimmigrant classification for specialty occupations. See Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 101(a)(15)(H)(i)(b), 8 U.S.C. ยง 1101(a)(15)(H)(i)(b). The H-lB program allows a U.S. employer to temporarily employ a qualified foreign worker in a position that requires both: (a) the theoretical and practical application of a body of highly specialized knowledge; and (b) the attainment of a bachelor's or higher degree in the specific specialty (or its equivalent) as a minimum prerequisite for entry into the position. The Director of the California Service Center denied the petition, concluding, in part, that the Petitioner did not establish an employer-employee relationship with the Beneficiary, and did not establish that the Beneficiary has sufficient specialty occupation work to perform throughout the requested validity period. While this appeal was pending, the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia issued a decision in Jtserve Alliance, Inc. v. Cissna, ---F .Supp.3d ---, 2020 WL 1150186 (D.D.C. 2020). Subsequently, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) rescinded previously issued policy guidance and directed its officers to apply the existing regulatory definition at 8 C.F.R. ยง 2 l 4.2(h)( 4 )(ii) to assess whether a petitioner and a beneficiary have an employee relationship. USCIS Policy Memorandum PM-602-0114, Rescission of Policy Memoranda at 2 (June 17, 2020), http://www.uscis.gov/legal-resources/policy-memoranda. Additionally, we note that, regardless of whether the Petitioner would have an employer-employee relationship with the Beneficiary and whether sufficient work would be available, the record does not establish the services that the Beneficiary will ultimately provide through the Petitioner, mid-vendor, prime vendor and vendor management company, and end-client. Section 101(a)(15)(H)(i)(b) of the Act defines an H-lB nonimmigrant as a foreign national "who is corning temporarily to the United States to perform services ... in a specialty occupation described in section 214(i)(l) ... "(emphasis added). To determine whether the Beneficiary will be employed in a specialty occupation, we review the record to ascertain the services the Beneficiary will perform and whether such services require the theoretical and practical application of a body of highly specialized knowledge attained through at least a bachelor's degree or higher in a specific specialty or its equivalent. Without sufficient evidence regarding the duties the Beneficiary will perform, we are unable 