U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 8361007 Motion on Administrative Appeals Office Decision Form 1-914, Application for T Nonimmigrant Status Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: JUNE 1, 2020 The Applicant seeks T-1 nonimmigrant classification as a victim of human trafficking under Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) sections 101(a)(15)(T) and 214(0), 8 U.S.C. §§ 1101(a)(15)(T) and 1184(0). The Director of the Vermont Service Center denied the Applicant's Form 1-914, Application for T Nonimmigrant Status (T application). We dismissed the Applicant's appeal, and dismissed a subsequent motion to reconsider as untimely filed. 1 The matter is now before us on a second motion to reconsider. Upon review, we will dismiss the motion. I. LAW A motion to reconsider must establish that our decision was based on an incorrect application of the law or USCIS policy and that the decision was incorrect based on the evidence in the record as the time of the initial decision. 8 C.F.R. § 103.5(a)(3). Although the Applicant presents new legal arguments on motion, they are ultimately insufficient to establish her eligibility. The burden of proof is on the applicant to demonstrate eligibility by a preponderance of the evidence. 8 C.F.R. § 214. l l(d)(5); Matter of Chawathe, 25 l&N Dec. 369, 375 (AAO 2010). An applicant may submit any credible evidence for us to consider; however, we determine, in our sole discretion, the evidentiary value given to it. 8 C.F.R. § 214.l l(d)(5). II. ANALYSIS The Applicant, a native and citizen of Guatemala, entered the United States without inspection, admission, or parole in August 2015. In her statements in the record before the Director, the Applicant explained that she and her one-year old daughter traveled to the United States with the assistance of smugglers, who ultimately stopped in the desert and told them that they would not accompany them any further and that they should continue walking until they reached a city. The Applicant stated that, 1 The record reflects that U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) rejected the Applicant's initial motion to reconsider due to her ineligibility for a fee waiver, and that the Applicant subsequently re-filed the motion outside of the 33-day filing period, asserting that USCIS erred in determining that she did not qualify for the fee waiver. The record further shows that although USCIS granted the fee waiver request and accepted the newly filed motion, the Administrative Appeals Office (AAO) dismissed the motion as untimely. On present motion, we will consider the merits of the Applicant's initial motion to reconsider. 