U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 9503815 Appeal of California Service Center Decision Form 1-129, Petition for Nonimmigrant Worker (H-lB) Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: JULY 1, 2020 The Petitioner, al I health information technology company, seeks to employ the Beneficiary temporarily as a "bioinformatics scientist II" under the H-lB nonimmigrant classification for specialty occupations.1 The H-lB program allows a U.S. employer to temporarily employ a qualified foreign worker in a position that requires both: (a) the theoretical and practical application of a body of highly specialized knowledge; and (b) the attainment of a bachelor's or higher degree in the specific specialty (or its equivalent) as a minimum prerequisite for entry into the position. The California Service Center Director denied the Form 1-129, Petition for a Nonimmigrant Worker, concluding that the record did not establish that: (1) the labor condition application (LCA) contained the correct prevailing wage rate; (2) the proffered position qualified as a specialty occupation; and (3) the Beneficiary was qualified for the occupation. The matter is now before us on appeal. The Petitioner bears the burden of proof to demonstrate eligibility by a preponderance of the evidence.2 We review the questions in this matter de novo.3 Upon de nova review, we will sustain the appeal. The Petitioner submitted the LCA in which it classified the offered position under the occupational title "Biological Scientists, All Other," corresponding to the standard occupational classificational code 19-1029. 4 The Petitioner indicated that the more specific standard occupational classificational (SOC) code was 19-1029.01 relating to the Bioinformatics Scientists occupational category. Pertaining to the wage rate, the Director compared the Petitioner's job description with DOL's generic definition of the wage rather than evaluating the employer's position requirements utilizing the five-step process outlined within DOL's guidance.5 As such, the methodology the Director utilized 1 See Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 10l(a)(l5)(H)(i)(b), 8 U.S.C. § l 10l(a)(l5)(H)(i)(b). 2 Section 291 of the Act; Matter of Chawathe, 25 I&N Dec. 369,375 (AAO 2010). 3 See Matter of Christo 's Inc., 26 I&N Dec. 537,537 n.2 (AAO 2015). 4 The Petitioner is required to submit a certified LCA to the U.S. Department of Labor (DOL) to demonstrate that it will pay the Beneficiary the higher of either the prevailing wage for the occupational classification in the "area of employment" or the actual wage paid by the employer to other employees with similar experience and qualifications who are performing the same services. Section 212(n)(I) of the Act; 20 C.F.R. § 655.73l(a). 5 DOL, Emp't & Training Admin., Prevailing Wage Determination Policy Guidance, Nonagric. Immigration Programs (rev. Nov. 2009) (DOL guidance) available at http://www.foreignlaborcert.doleta.gov/pd£INPWHC _Guidance_ Revised_ 11 _ 2009 .pdf. 