U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 8705058 Appeal of California Service Center Decision Form 1-129, Petition for a Nonimmigrant Worker Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office DATE: WL Y 2, 2020 The Petitioner, a developer of video/IP technology, seeks to temporarily employ the Beneficiary under the H-lB nonimmigrant classification for specialty occupations. See Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 101(a)(15)(H)(i)(b), 8 U.S.C. ยง l 101(a)(l5)(H)(i)(b). The H-lB program allows a U.S. employer to temporarily employ a qualified foreign worker in a position that requires both (a) the theoretical and practical application of a body of highly specialized knowledge and (b) the attainment of a bachelor's or higher degree in the specific specialty (or its equivalent) as a minimum prerequisite for entry into the position. The Director of the California Service Center denied the petition, concluding that the record did not establish that the proffered position qualifies as a specialty occupation. In these proceedings, it is the Petitioner's burden to establish eligibility for the requested benefit. Section 291 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. ยง 1361. Upon de nova review, we will sustain the appeal. Based upon our review of the entire record of proceedings, including the submissions on appeal addressing the grounds for the Director's decision, we determine that the Petitioner has overcome the basis of the Director's denial. The Petitioner has provided a detailed job description for the proffered position, as well as work samples corresponding to the position, and explained why these duties, when performed within the context of its specific business operation, are specialized and complex. Specifically, we conclude that the nature of the specific duties is so specialized and complex that the knowledge required to perform them is usually associated with the attainment of a baccalaureate or higher degree in a specific specialty, or its equivalent, as required by 8 C.F.R. ยง 214.2(h)( 4)(iii)(A)( 4). Further, we conclude that Petitioner has established, by a preponderance of the evidence, that the particular position being offered to the Beneficiary qualifies for classification as a specialty occupation as the term is defined at section 214(i)(l) of the Act and 8 C.F.R. ยง 214.2(h)(4)(ii). ORDER: The appeal is sustained. 