U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 10107894 Appeal of California Service Center Decision Form 1-129, Petition for Nonimmigrant Worker (H-lB) Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: WLY 23, 2020 The Petitioner, an information technology services company, seeks to employ the Beneficiary temporarily under the H-lB nonimmigrant classification for specialty occupations.1 The H-lB program allows a U.S. employer to temporarily employ a qualified foreign worker in a position that requires both: (a) the theoretical and practical application of a body of highly specialized knowledge; and (b) the attainment of a bachelor's or higher degree in the specific specialty (or its equivalent) as a minimum prerequisite for entry into the position. The California Service Center Director denied the Form 1-129, Petition for a Nonimmigrant Worker, concluding: (1) The duties as described did not establish the depth, complexity, level of specialization, or substantive aspects of the work the Beneficiary would perform; (2) The record did not demonstrate that the Beneficiary would perform services in a specialty occupation for the requested period of employment; and (3) The record did not establish that the proffered position qualified as a specialty occupation under the four criteria at 8 C.F.R. ยง 214.2(h)(4)(iii)(A). The matter is now before us on appeal. The Petitioner bears the burden of proof to demonstrate eligibility by a preponderance of the evidence. 2 We review the questions in this matter de nova. 3 Upon de nova review, we will dismiss the appeal. I. ANALYSIS For the reasons set out below, we have determined that the Petitioner has not demonstrated that the proffered position qualifies as a specialty occupation. The Director concluded that the Petitioner did not establish that the offered position qualifies as a specialty occupation. In her decision, the Director thoroughly discussed the Petitioner's failure to establish that the duties were sufficiently described to 1 See Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 10 l(a)(l 5)(H)(i)(b ), 8 U.S.C. ยง l 10l(a)(l5)(H)(i)(b ). 2 Section 291 of the Act; Matter of Chawathe, 25 I&N Dec. 369, 375 (AAO 2010). 3 See Matter of Christo 's Inc., 26 I&N Dec. 537, 537 n.2 (AAO 2015). 