U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 9092238 Appeal of Vermont Service Center Decision Form 1-129, Petition for Nonimmigrant Worker (H-lB) Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: WL Y 22, 2020 The Petitioner, an information technology solutions firm, seeks to employ the Beneficiary temporarily under the H-lB nonimmigrant classification for specialty occupations.1 The H-IB program allows a U.S. employer to temporarily employ a qualified foreign worker in a position that requires both: (a) the theoretical and practical application of a body of highly specialized knowledge; and (b) the attainment of a bachelor's or higher degree in the specific specialty (or its equivalent) as a minimum prerequisite for entry into the position. The Vermont Service Center Director denied the Form 1-129, Petition for a Nonimmigrant Worker, concluding that the record did not establish that the proffered position qualified as a specialty occupation. The matter is now before us on appeal. I. ANALYSIS Upon review of the entire record, for the reasons set out below, we have determined that the Petitioner has not demonstrated that the proffered position qualifies as a specialty occupation. The Director concluded that the Petitioner did not establish that the offered position qualifies as a specialty occupation. In her decision, the Director thoroughly discussed the Petitioner's failure to meet any of the four regulatory criteria at 8 C.F.R. ยง 214.2(h)(4)(iii)(A)(l)-(4). Upon consideration of the entire record, including the evidence submitted and arguments made on appeal, we adopt and affirm the Director's decision with the comments below. 2 On appeal, under the first criterion at 8 C.F.R. ยง 214.2(h)(4)(iii)(A)(l), the Petitioner argues that the U.S. Department of Labor's (DOL) Occupational Outlook Handbook (Handbook) reflects that the profile relating to Training and Development Specialists indicates that those in this occupational area need a bachelor's degree in a wide variety of disciplines. The Petitioner further notes that the 1 See Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 10l(a)(l5)(H)(i)(b), 8 U.S.C. ยง l 10l(a)(l5)(H)(i)(b). 2 See Matter of P. Singh, Attorney, 26 I&N Dec. 623 (BIA 2015) (citing Matter of Burbano, 20 I&N Dec. 872, 874 (BIA 1994)); see also Chen v. INS, 87 F.3d 5, 7-8 (1st Cir. 1996) ("[I]f a reviewing tribunal decides that the facts and evaluative judgments prescinding from them have been adequately confronted and correctly resolved by a trial judge or hearing officer, then the tribunal is free simply to adopt those findings" provided the tribunal's order reflects individualized attention to the case). 