U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 624623 7 Motion on Administrative Appeals Office Decision Form 1-914, Application for T Nonimmigrant Status Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: JUNE 24, 2020 The Applicant seeks T-1 nonimmigrant classification as a victim of human trafficking under Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) sections 101(a)(15)(T) and 214(0), 8 U.S.C. §§ 1101(a)(15)(T) and 1184(0). The Director of the Vermont Service Center denied the Form 1-914, Application for T Nonimmigrant Status (T application), concluding that the Applicant did not provide clear evidence regarding her claimed trafficking, and therefore had not established that she was the victim of a severe form of trafficking in persons. We dismissed the Applicant's subsequent appeal. On a motion to reconsider, the Applicant submits a brief and a new translation of her personal statement. The Applicant bears the burden of proof in these proceedings. Upon review, we will dismiss the motion to reconsider. I. LAW A motion to reconsider must establish that our decision was based on an incorrect application of law or policy and that the decision was incorrect based on the evidence in the record of proceedings at the time of the decision. 8 C.F.R. § 103.5(a)(3). Section 101(a)(l5)(T)(i) of the Act provides that an applicant may be classified as a T-1 nonimmigrant if he or she: is or has been a victim of a severe form of trafficking in persons; is physically present in the United States on account of such trafficking; has complied with any reasonable requests for assistance in the investigation or prosecution of the trafficking; and would suffer extreme hardship involving unusual and severe harm upon removal from the United States. The term "severe form of trafficking in persons" is defined as "sex trafficking in which a commercial sex act is induced by force, fraud, or coercion, or in which the person induced to perfonn such act is under the age of 18 years; or the recruitment, harboring, transportation, provision, or obtaining of a person for labor or services through the use of force, fraud, or coercion for the purpose of subjection to involuntary servitude, peonage, debt bondage, or slavery." 8 C.F.R. § 214.1 l(a) (2017). The burden of proof is on an applicant to demonstrate eligibility by a preponderance of the evidence. 8 C.F.R. § 214.ll(d)(5); Matter of Chawathe, 25 l&N Dec. 369, 375 (AAO 2010). An applicant may submit any credible, relevant evidence for us to consider in our de nova review; however, we determine, in our sole discretion, the value of that evidence. 8 C.F.R. § 214.1 l(d)(5). 