U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 2820382 Appeal of California Service Center Decision Form 1-129, Petition for Nonimmigrant Worker (H-lB) Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office DATE: WL Y 22, 2020 The Petitioner, an information technology and consulting firm, seeks to extend the Beneficiary's temporary employment as a "Lead QA Analyst/Consultant" under the H-lB nonimrnigrant classification for specialty occupations. See Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 10l(a)(15)(H)(i)(b), 8 U.S.C. ยง 110l(a)(15)(H)(i)(b). The H-lB program allows a U.S. employer to temporarily employ a qualified foreign worker in a position that requires both: (a) the theoretical and practical application of a body of highly specialized knowledge; and (b) the attainment of a bachelor's or higher degree in the specific specialty (or its equivalent) as a minimum prerequisite for entry into the position. The Director of the California Service Center denied the Form 1-129, Petition for a Nonimmigrant Worker. The Petitioner subsequently filed this appeal. On February 14, 2019, we issued a notice of intent to dismiss (NOID) the appeal, as a preliminary review of the record revealed that the Petitioner may not have been in good standing to conduct business where it is located in the State of Texas. Texas law provides that the state's comptroller may forfeit the right of a taxable entity to transact business in the state for the same reasons it utilizes in relation to the forfeiture of corporate privileges. 1 We further notified the Petitioner that it must submit evidence that the petitioning entity "was able to conduct business in the State of Texas -without interruption -from the time [it] filed the petition through the present day, as any such interruption may adversely affect this appeal." In response, the Petitioner provided a Tax Clearance Letter for Reinstatement, a Business Organizations Inquiry form, a Payment Portal form, a Certificate of Fact form, and its own statement. The Petitioner's statement in response to the NOID only identified the four documents listed above without addressing its uninterrupted ability to conduct business in the State of Texas. Turning to the evidence submitted in response to the NOID, we conclude that it also does not establish the Petitioner's uninterrupted ability to conduct business in the State of Texas from the time it filed the petition through the date of the NOID. First, the February 28, 2019, Tax Clearance Letter for Reinstatement states that the petitioning organization "has met all franchise tax requirements and is eligible for reinstatement .... " Not only does this letter not establish the Petitioner's continued eligibility to conduct business in the state, but it actually demonstrates a break in such a status through expressing the organization's eligibility for reinstatement. Second, the Payment Portal form document illustrates that on February 21, 2019, the Petitioner submitted a payment that appears to rectify its 1 Tex. Tax Code Ann. ยง 171.2515. 