U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 8779892 Appeal of Vermont Service Center Decision Form 1-129, Petition for Nonimmigrant Worker (H-lB) Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: WL Y 8, 2020 The Petitioner, a wholesale clothing company, seeks to temporarily employ the Beneficiary as an "accountant" under the H-lB nonimmigrant classification for specialty occupations. See Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 10l(a)(15)(H)(i)(b), 8 U.S.C. ยง l 10l(a)(15)(H)(i)(b). The Vermont Service Center Director approved the petition, but later revoked the approval after serving a notice of her intent to revoke (NOIR) it. In the revocation notice, the Director concluded based on a review of the record, including material provided by the Petitioner in conjunction with an administrative site visit by USCIS officers to the Petitioner's offices subsequent to the approval of the petition, that the Petitioner had violated the terms and conditions of the approved petition. 1 The Petitioner bears the burden of proof to demonstrate eligibility by a preponderance of the evidence. Section 291 of the Act; Matter of Chawathe, 25 I&N Dec. 369, 375 (AAO 2010). We review the questions in this matter de nova. See Matter of Christo 's Inc., 26 I&N Dec. 537,537 n.2 (AAO 2015). Upon de nova review, the Director's decision to revoke the approval of the petition is withdrawn. The matter will be remanded to the Director for further consideration and action. I. REVOCATION AUTHORITY U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) may revoke the approval of an H-lB petition pursuant to 8 C.F.R. ยง 214.2(h)(l l)(iii), which states the following: (A) Grounds for revocation. The director shall send to the petitioner a notice of intent to revoke the petition in relevant part if he or she finds that: (I) The beneficiary is no longer employed by the petitioner in the capacity specified in the petition; or (2) The statement of facts contained in the petition ... was not true and correct, inaccurate, fraudulent, or misrepresented a material fact; or 1 See 8 C.F.R. ยง 214.2(h)(ll)(iii)(A)(3). 