U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 08231886 Appeal of California Service Center Decision Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office DA TE: mL Y 6, 2020 Form I-129, Nonimmigrant Petition for an Intracompany Transferee The Petitioner, a manufacturer and distributor of industrial lubricants, seeks to temporarily employ the Beneficiary as an executive manager of sales/marketing under the L-lA nonimmigrant classification for intracompany transferees. Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 101(a)(15)(L), 8 U.S.C. ยง 1101(a)(15)(L). The L-lA classification allows a corporation or other legal entity (including its affiliate or subsidiary) to transfer a qualifying foreign employee to the United States to work temporarily in a managerial or executive capacity. The Director of the California Service Center denied the petition on the grounds that the Petitioner did not establish that the Beneficiary had been employed abroad in a managerial or executive capacity and would be employed in a managerial or executive capacity in the United States. The matter is now before us on appeal. The Petitioner asserts that the evidence of record establishes that the Beneficiary has been employed abroad in a managerial and executive capacity and will be employed in the United States in a managerial and executive capacity. In visa petition proceedings it is the petitioner's burden to establish eligibility for the immigration benefit sought. Section 291 of the Act. 8 U.S.C. ยง 1361. Upon de nova review, we will dismiss the appeal because the Petitioner has not established that the Beneficiary will be employed in the United States in a managerial or executive capacity. As this is a fundamental element of eligibility and the Petitioner has not satisfied this element, we will reserve the remaining issue relating to the Beneficiary's employment abroad. I. LEGAL FRAMEWORK To establish eligibility for the L-lA nonimmigrant visa classification, a qualifying organization must have employed the beneficiary "in a capacity that is managerial, executive, or involves specialized knowledge" for one continuous year within three years preceding the beneficiary's application for admission into the United States. Section 101(a)(15)(L) of the Act. In addition, the beneficiary must seek to enter the United States temporarily to continue rendering his or her services to the same employer or a subsidiary or affiliate thereof in a managerial or executive capacity. Id. The petitioner must also establish that the beneficiary's prior education, training, and employment qualify him or her to perform the intended services in the United States. 8 C.F.R. ยง 214.2(1)(3). 