U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 10769247 Appeal of Nebraska Service Center Decision Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: OCT. 1, 2020 Form 1-140, Petition for Multinational Managers or Executives The Petitioner, a structural engineering design consulting firm, seeks to permanently employ the Beneficiary as its deputy CEO under the first preference immigrant classification for multinational executives or managers. Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 203(b)(l)(C), 8 U.S.C. ยง 1153(b )(1 )(C). This classification allows a U.S. employer to permanently transfer a qualified foreign employee to the United States to work in an executive or managerial capacity. The Director of the Nebraska Service Center denied the petition, concluding that the record did not establish that (a) the Beneficiary was employed abroad in a primarily executive capacity; (b) the Beneficiary would be employed in a primarily executive capacity in the United States; ( c) the Petitioner is doing business; ( d) the Petitioner had the continuing ability to pay the proffered wage from the priority date onward; and (e) the Beneficiary had at least one continuous year of full-time employment abroad with a qualifying organization within the three years preceding the filing of the petition. 1 In these proceedings, it is the Petitioner's burden to establish eligibility for the requested benefit. Section 291 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. ยง 1361. Upon de nova review, we will dismiss the appeal.2 I. LEGAL FRAMEWORK An immigrant visa is available to a beneficiary who, in the three years preceding the filing of the petition, has been employed outside the United States for at least one year in a managerial or executive capacity, and seeks to enter the United States in order to continue to render managerial or executive services to the same employer or to its subsidiary or affiliate. Section 203(b)(l)(C) of the Act. 1 The Director specifically noted that the record conflicts as to who currently employs the Beneficiary, and that the Petitioner did not provide the date that the Beneficiary transferred to the Petitioner's U.S. organization and the dates that he held the qualifying position with the foreign entity. If a beneficiary entered the United States to work for a qualifying entity as a nonimmigrant, USCIS will reach back three years from the date of his or her admission to determine whether he or she had the requisite one year of employment. Matter of S-P-lnc., Adopted Decision 2018-01 (AAO Mar. 19, 2018); 8 C.F.R. ยง 204.5(j)(3)(i)(B). 2 A new Form G-28, Notice of Entry of Appearance, must be filed with an appeal. 8 C.F.R. ยง 292.4(a). The Petitioner did not submit a new Form G-28 on appeal. Therefore, although an attorney submitted a letter in support of the appeal, we do not recognize the attorney's appearance. 