U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 11199033 Appeal of Texas Service Center Decision Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: SEPT. 30, 2020 Form I-140C, Immigrant Petition for Alien Workers (Multinational Managers or Executives) The Petitioner, an international management consulting firm, seeks to permanently employ the Beneficiary as a senior fellow in the United States under the first preference immigrant classification for multinational executives or managers. Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 203(b)(l)(C), 8 U.S.C. ยง l 153(b)(l)(C). This classification allows a U.S. employer to permanently transfer a qualified foreign employee to the United States to work in a managerial or executive capacity. The Director of the Texas Service Center denied the petition, concluding that the record does not establish that the Beneficiary was employed in a managerial or executive capacity abroad prior to his entry into the United States as a nonimmigrant. In addition, the Director determined that the record does not establish that the Beneficiary would be employed in a managerial or executive capacity in the United States. In these proceedings, it is the Petitioner's burden to establish eligibility for the requested benefit. Section 291 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. ยง 1361. Upon de nova review, we will dismiss the appeal. I. LEGAL FRAMEWORK An immigrant visa is available to a beneficiary who, in the three years preceding the filing of the petition, has been employed outside the United States for at least one year in a managerial or executive capacity, and seeks to enter the United States in order to continue to render managerial or executive services to the same employer or to its subsidiary or affiliate. Section 203(b )(1 )(C) of the Act. The Form 1-140, Immigrant Petition for Alien Worker, must include a statement from an authorized official of the petitioning United States employer which demonstrates that the beneficiary has been employed abroad in a managerial or executive capacity for at least one year in the three years preceding the filing of the petition, that the beneficiary is coming to work in the United States for the same employer or a subsidiary or affiliate of the foreign employer, and that the prospective U.S. employer has been doing business for at least one year. See 8 C.F.R. ยง 204.5(i)(3). 