U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 11133282 Appeal of Washington Field Office Decision Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: SEPT. 28, 2020 Form 1-212, Application for Permission to Reapply for Admission The Applicant seeks perrmss10n to reapply for admission to the United States under section 212(a)(9)(C)(i) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act), 8 U.S.C. ยง l 182(a)(9)(C)(i). The Director of the Washington Field Office denied the Form 1-212 application, concluding that because the Applicant had not remained outside of the United States for 10 years from the date of his last departure, he was ineligible for permission to reapply for admission. On appeal, the Applicant claims that he is eligible to apply for permission to reapply for admission, and that his application should be granted in the exercise of discretion. In these proceedings, it is the Applicant's burden to establish eligibility for the requested benefit. Section 291 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. ยง 1361. Upon de nova review, we will dismiss the appeal. I. LAW A foreign national who has been unlawfully present in the United States for 1 year or more, and who again seeks admission within 10 years of the date of departure or removal from the United States, is inadmissible. Section 212(a)(9)(B)(i) of the Act. A foreign national is deemed to be unlawfully present in the United States if present after the expiration of the period of authorized stay or if present in the United States without being admitted or paroled. Section 212(a)(9)(B)(ii) of the Act. Section 212(a)(9)(C)(i) of the Act provides that an alien who "has been unlawfully present in the United States for an aggregate period of more than one year. .. and who enters or attempts to reenter the United States without being admitted is inadmissible." The accrual of unlawful presence for purpose of inadmissibility determinations under section 212(a)(9)(B)(i) or 212(a)(9)(C)(i) of the Act begins no earlier than the effective date of the amendment enacting this section, which is April 1, 1997. Pursuant to section 212(a)(9)(C)(ii) of the Act, there is an exception for any "alien seeking admission more than 10 years after the date of the alien's last departure from the United States if, prior to the alien's reembarkation at a place outside the United States or attempt to be readmitted from a foreign 