U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 9097587 Appeal of California Service Center Decision Form 1-129, Petition for Nonimmigrant Worker (H-lB) Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: JUNE 8, 2020 The Petitioner seeks to temporarily employ the Beneficiary under the H-IB nonimmigrant classification for specialty occupations. See Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 10l(a)(l5)(H)(i)(b), 8 U.S.C. ยง 110l(a)(l5)(H)(i)(b). The H-lB program allows a U.S. employer to temporarily employ a qualified foreign worker in a position that requires both: (a) the theoretical and practical application of a body of highly specialized knowledge; and (b) the attainment of a bachelor's or higher degree in the specific specialty ( or its equivalent) as a minimum prerequisite for entry into the position. The Director of the California Service Center denied the petition, concluding that the Petitioner did not sufficiently establish that: (I) the proffered position qualifies as a specialty occupation; and, (2) it qualifies as a United States employer with an employer-employee relationship with the Beneficiary. 1 The Petitioner bears the burden of proof to demonstrate eligibility by a preponderance of the evidence. Section 291 of the Act; Matter of Chawathe, 25 I&N Dec. 369, 375 (AAO 2010). We review the questions in this matter de nova. See Matter of Christo 's Inc., 26 I&N Dec. 537, 537 n.2 (AAO 2015). Upon de nova review, we will dismiss the appeal. I. SPECIAL TY OCCUPATION A. Legal Framework Section 214(i)(l) of the Act, 8 U.S.C. ยง 1184(i)(l), defines the term "specialty occupation" as an occupation that requires: 1 On appeal, the Petitioner asserts that the Director only denied the petition on two grounds -determining that the Petitioner did not sufficiently establish: (1) "the actual work to be performed by the Beneficiary", and (2) that it qualifies as a United States employer with an employer-employee relationship with the Beneficiary. The Petitioner stated "we are only addressing the issue[s] regarding the employer-employee relationship and availability of specialty occupation work." However, as the Director also concluded in her denial that the Petitioner did not establish that the proffered position qualifies as a specialty occupation, we will also address this H-lB eligibility issue. 