U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 9449691 Motion on Administrative Appeals Office Decision Form 1-129, Petition for Nonimmigrant Worker (H-lB) Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: JUNE 30, 2020 The Petitioner, an information technology services company, seeks to temporarily employ the Beneficiary as a "software developer, applications" under the H-lB nonimmigrant classification for specialty occupations. See Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 10l(a)(l5)(H)(i)(b), 8 U.S.C. ยง l 10l(a)(15)(H)(i)(b). The H-lB program allows a U.S. employer to temporarily employ a qualified foreign worker in a position that requires both: (a) the theoretical and practical application of a body of highly specialized knowledge; and (b) the attainment of a bachelor's or higher degree in the specific specialty (or its equivalent) as a minimum prerequisite for entry into the position. The California Service Center Director denied the petition, concluding that the Petitioner had not established an employer-employee relationship with the Beneficiary, and that the proffered position did not qualify as a specialty occupation. The Petitioner filed an appeal with our office, asserting that the Director's decision was erroneous. After we issued a notice of intent to dismiss (NOID) on the basis that the Petitioner did not pay all the requisite filing fees, we ultimately dismissed the appeal on that same basis. The Petitioner bears the burden of proof to demonstrate eligibility by a preponderance of the evidence. Section 291 of the Act; Matter of Chawathe, 25 I&N Dec. 369, 375 (AAO 2010). Upon review, we will dismiss the motions. I. MOTION REQUIREMENTS A motion to reopen must state new facts and be supported by documentary evidence. 8 C.F.R. ยง 103.5(a)(2). A motion to reconsider must establish that our decision was based on an incorrect application oflaw or policy, and that the decision was incorrect based on the evidence in the record of proceedings at the time of the decision. 8 C.F.R. ยง 103.5(a)(3). A motion to reconsider must be supported by a pertinent precedent or adopted decision, statutory or regulatory provision, or statement of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) or Department of Homeland Security policy. II. ANALYSIS As the basis for dismissing the Petitioner's appeal associated with paying the incorrect American Competitiveness and Workforce Improvement Act of 1998 (ACWIA) fee was thoroughly discussed in our previous decision, and it is unnecessary that we repeat that here. However, we determined that the 