U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 9301121 Appeal of California Service Center Decision Form 1-129, Petition for a Nonimmigrant Worker Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: WL Y 2, 2020 The Petitioner, an information technology company, seeks to temporarily employ the Beneficiary as an "implementation specialist" under the H-lB nonimmigrant classification for specialty occupations. See Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 101(a)(15)(H)(i)(b), 8 U.S.C. ยง l 10l(a)(l5)(H)(i)(b). The H-lB program allows a U.S. employer to temporarily employ a qualified foreign worker in a position that requires both (a) the theoretical and practical application of a body of highly specialized knowledge and (b) the attainment of a bachelor's or higher degree in the specific specialty (or its equivalent) as a minimum prerequisite for entry into the position. The Director of the California Service Center denied the petition, concluding that the record does not establish that the Beneficiary is qualified for the proffered position. On appeal, the Petitioner asserts that the Director erred in denying the petition. While we conduct de nova review on appeal, we conclude that a remand is warranted in this case because the Director's decision is insufficient for review. Specifically, although the Director references a discussion of the proffered position and states that the Petitioner has "not shown that the proffered position is a specialty occupation," the decision does not include any such discussion. The Director should, therefore, determine whether the Petitioner has 1) sufficiently described the duties of the proffered position 1 and 2) otherwise established that the position qualifies as a specialty occupation. If the Director determines that the position does not qualify as a specialty occupation, she must provide a sufficient explanation for her conclusion. If the Director determines that the position does qualify as a specialty occupation, she should then consider whether the Beneficiary is qualified. Cf Matter of Michael Hertz As socs., 19 I&N Dec. 55 8, 1 For example, the Petitioner provided a generalized list of job duties without explaining how duties such as onboarding key clients projects, describing and recommending communication protocols, aligning sales and implementation, managing client expectations, providing clients with strategic business recommendations, and coordinating resources of clients' third-party providers actually require the theoretical and practical application of a body of highly specialized knowledge attained through at least a baccalaureate degree in a specific discipline. 