U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 11283641 Appeal of Nebraska Service Center Decision Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: OCT. 1, 2020 Form 1-140, Petition for Multinational Managers or Executives The Petitioner, an owner and operator of a barbeque restaurant, seeks to permanently employ the Beneficiary as its president in the United States under the first preference immigrant classification for multinational executives or managers. Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 203(b)(l)(C), 8 U.S.C. ยง 1153(b)(l)(C). The Director of the Nebraska Service Center denied the petition concluding the Petitioner did not establish that the Beneficiary would be employed in a managerial or executive capacity in the United States. On appeal, the Petitioner contends the Beneficiary qualifies as a manager based on her supervision of subordinate managers and professionals as defined by the regulations. In these proceedings, it is the Petitioner's burden to establish eligibility for the requested benefit. Section 291 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. ยง 1361. Upon de nova review, we will dismiss the appeal. I. LEGAL FRAMEWORK An immigrant visa is available to a beneficiary who, in the three years preceding the filing of the petition, has been employed outside the United States for at least one year in a managerial or executive capacity, and seeks to enter the United States in order to continue to render managerial or executive services to the same employer or to its subsidiary or affiliate. Section 203(b )(1 )(C) of the Act. The Form 1-140, Immigrant Petition for Alien Worker, must include a statement from an authorized official of the petitioning United States employer which demonstrates that the beneficiary has been employed abroad in a managerial or executive capacity for at least one year in the three years preceding the filing of the petition, that the beneficiary is coming to work in the United States for the same employer or a subsidiary or affiliate of the foreign employer, and that the prospective U.S. employer has been doing business for at least one year. See 8 C.F.R. ยง 204.5(j)(3). II. U.S. EMPLOYMENT IN A MANAGERIAL CAPACITY The sole issue we will address is whether the Petitioner established that the Beneficiary would act in a managerial capacity in the United States. The Petitioner does not claim that the Beneficiary would 