U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 3113029 Appeal of Vermont Service Center Decision Form 1-914, Application for T Nonimmigrant Status Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: WL Y 30, 2020 The Applicant seeks T-1 nonimmigrant classification as a victim of human trafficking under sections 101(a)(15)(T) and 214(0) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act), 8 U.S.C. sections 1101(a)(15)(T) and 1184(0). The Director of the Vermont Service Center denied the Form 1-914, Application for T Nonimmigrant Status (T application), concluding that the record did not establish that the Applicant is a victim of a severe form of trafficking in persons and therefore did not establish that she is physically present in the United States on account of such trafficking. In addition, the Director concluded that the Applicant was inadmissible to the United States and the applicable ground of inadmissibility had not been waived. The Applicant thereafter filed this appeal and simultaneously filed a motion to reconsider and a second motion to reopen and reconsider with the Director, who dismissed the motions. 1 On appeal, the Applicant submits a brief, additional evidence, and copies of previously submitted evidence, asserting her eligibility. We review the questions in this matter de novo. See Matter of Christo 's Inc., 26 l&N Dec. 53 7, 53 7 n.2 (AAO 2015). Upon de novo review, we will dismiss the appeal. I. LAW Section 101(a)(15)(T)(i) of the Act provides that applicants may be classified as T-1 nonimmigrants if they: are or have been a victim of a severe form of trafficking in persons (trafficking); are physically present in the United States on account of such trafficking; have complied with any reasonable requests for assistance in the investigation or prosecution of trafficking; and would suffer extreme hardship involving unusual and severe harm upon removal from the United States. See also 8 C.F.R. §§ 214.1 l(b)(l)-(4) (2018). The term "severe form of trafficking in persons" is defined as "the recruitment, harboring, transportation, provision, or obtaining of a person for labor or services through the use of force, fraud, or coercion for the purpose of subjection to involuntary servitude, peonage, debt bondage, or slavery." 8 C.F.R. § 214.1 l(a). The definition of trafficking also includes "sex trafficking in which a commercial sex act is induced by force, fraud, or coercion, or in which the person induced to perform such act is under the age of 18 years." Id. Sex trafficking means the "recruitment, harboring, 1 Our review on appeal includes review of the Director's decisions on the Applicant's motions. 