U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 7555488 Appeal of Nebraska Service Center Decision Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: WL Y 8, 2020 Form 1-212, Application for Permission to Reapply for Admission The Applicant, who requested an immigrant visa abroad, was found inadmissible under section 212(a)(9)(C)(i)(I) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act), 8 U.S.C. ยง l 182(a)(9)(C)(i)(I), for entering the United States without being admitted after having accrued more than one year of unlawful presence. She seeks permission to reapply for admission to the United States pursuant to section 212(a)(9)(C)(ii) of the Act. The Director of the Nebraska Service Center denied the application, concluding that the Applicant did not currently meet the requirements for consent to reapply for admission under that section because she last departed from the United States in April 2018 and 10 years have not elapsed since that date. On appeal, the Applicant asserts that she is not inadmissible under section 212(a)(9)(C)(i)(I) of the Act and permission to reapply for admission therefore should not be required. In these proceedings, an applicant has the burden of proving eligibility for the immigration benefit sought. Section 291 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. ยง 1361. Upon de nova review, we will dismiss the appeal because the Applicant has not met this burden. I. LAW Section 212(a)(9)(C)(i)(I) of the Act provides that an alien who has been unlawfully present in the United States for an aggregate period of more than 1 year, and who enters or attempts to reenter the United States without being admitted is inadmissible. There is an exception to this bar available to aliens who have remained outside the United States for at least 10 years since their last departure from the United States and who then apply for and receive permission to reapply for admission. Section 212(a)(9)(C)(ii) of the Act. II. ANALYSIS The issues on appeal are whether the Applicant is inadmissible to the United States under section 212(a)(9)(C)(i)(I) of the Act and, if so, whether she is currently eligible to seek an exception to this inadmissibility under section 212(a)(9)(C)(ii) of the Act. 