U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 6221341 Appeal of Nebraska Service Center Decision Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: AUG. 26, 2020 Form 1-140, Immigrant Petition for Alien Worker (Extraordinary Ability) The Petitioner, a jeweler, seeks classification as an alien of extraordinary ability. See Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 203(b)(l)(A), 8 U.S.C. ยง 1153(b)(l)(A). This first preference classification makes immigrant visas available to those who can demonstrate their extraordinary ability through sustained national or international acclaim and whose achievements have been recognized in their field through extensive documentation. The Director of the Nebraska Service Center denied the petition, concluding that although the record established that the Petitioner satisfied the initial evidentiary requirements, it did not establish, as required, that the Petitioner has sustained national or international acclaim and is an individual in the small percentage at the very top of the field. The matter is now before us on appeal. In these proceedings, it is the Petitioner's burden to establish eligibility for the requested benefit. Section 291 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. ยง 1361. Upon de nova review, we will dismiss the appeal. I. LAW Section 203(b)(l)(A) of the Act makes immigrant visas available to aliens with extraordinary ability if: (i) the alien has extraordinary ability in the sciences, arts, education, business, or athletics which has been demonstrated by sustained national or international acclaim and whose achievements have been recognized in the field through extensive documentation, (ii) the alien seeks to enter the United States to continue work in the area of extraordinary ability, and (iii) the alien's entry into the United States will substantially benefit prospectively the United States. The term "extraordinary ability" refers only to those individuals in "that small percentage who have risen to the very top of the field of endeavor." 8 C.F.R. ยง 204.5(h)(2). The implementing regulation 