U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 9204666 Motion on Administrative Appeals Office Decision Form 1-601, Application to Waive Inadmissibility Grounds Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: WL Y 6, 2020 The Director of the Nebraska Service Center denied the waiver application, finding that the Applicant had not shown she is in a category of individuals eligible to file for a waiver on Form 1-601, including immigrant visa applicants and adjustment of status applicants. On appeal, we affirmed this decision. The matter is now before us on a motion to reconsider. In these proceedings, it is the Applicant's burden to establish eligibility for the requested benefit. Section 291 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. ยง 1361. Upon review, we will dismiss the motion because the Applicant has not met this burden. A motion to reconsider must establish that our decision was based on an incorrect application of law or policy and that the decision was incorrect based on the evidence in the record of proceedings at the time of the decision. 8 C.F.R. ยง 103.5(a)(3). We may grant a motion that satisfies these requirements and demonstrates eligibility for the requested immigration benefit. The record reflects that, in 2011, the Applicant was issued a Form 1-860, Determination of Inadmissibility, and expeditiously removed by U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP), who canceled her visa/border crossing card. The Applicant states that she is not filing for permanent residence or an immigrant visa and that she submitted a waiver application because after CBP revoked her nonimmigrant visa, her application for another nonimmigrant visa was denied.. The Applicant submitted a 2018 U.S. Department of State worksheet indicating she had been refused a nonimmigrant visa. In our prior decision, incorporated here by reference, we concluded that the Director did not err in denying the waiver. The Director cited 8 C.F.R. ยง 212.7(a)(l), which requires that the Form 1-601 be submitted in accordance with the form's instructions, which carry the force of regulation. 8 C.F .R. ยง 103.2(a). The form's instructions provide, in pertinent part, that the Form 1-601 may be filed by a foreign national if that individual is an applicant for an immigrant visa, is outside the United States, has had a visa interview with a consular officer, and was found inadmissible during that interview. We noted that the Applicant has only applied for a nonimmigrant visa. She has not applied for an immigrant visa and had a visa interview with a consular officer who determined that she is inadmissible. In addition, she has not applied for a K or V nonimmigrant visa or to adjust status to 