U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 9298325 Appeal of California Service Center Decision Form 1-129, Petition for Nonimmigrant Worker (H-lB) Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: SEPT. 28, 2020 The Petitioner, a global wealth management company, seeks to temporarily employ the Beneficiary under the H-lB nonimmigrant classification for specialty occupations. See Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 101(a)(15)(H)(i)(b), 8 U.S.C. ยง 1101(a)(15)(H)(i)(b). The H-lB program allows a U.S. employer to temporarily employ a qualified foreign worker in a position that requires both (a) the theoretical and practical application of a body of highly specialized know ledge and (b) the attainment of a bachelor's or higher degree in the specific specialty ( or its equivalent) as a minimum prerequisite for entry into the position. The Director of the California Service Center denied the petition, concluding that the record did not establish that the proffered position qualifies as a specialty occupation. The Petitioner bears the burden of proof to demonstrate eligibility by a preponderance of the evidence. Section 291 of the Act; Matter of Chawathe, 25 I&N Dec. 369, 375 (AAO 2010). We review the questions in this matter de nova. See Matter of Christo 's Inc., 26 l&N Dec. 537, 537 n.2 (AAO 2015). Upon de nova review, the Director's decision is withdrawn. The matter will be remanded to the Director for further consideration and action. I. SPECIAL TY OCCUPATION Upon review, the evidence ofrecord establishes that the nature of the specific duties is so specialized and complex that the knowledge required to perform them is usually associated with the attainment of a baccalaureate or higher degree in a specific specialty, or its equivalent. Also, the degree required for the proffered position constitutes a body of highly specialized knowledge that relate directly to the duties of the proffered position. Therefore, we conclude that the evidence of record satisfies the criterion at 8 C.F.R. ยง 214.2(h)(4)(iii)(A)(4), and the Petitioner has established that the proffered position qualifies for classification as a specialty occupation. The Director's decision will be withdrawn. The Petitioner cannot be approved, however, because it appears that the submitted labor condition application (LCA) may not correspond with the H-lB petition. More specifically, it is not clear if the Petitioner properly classified the proffered position at a Level I wage. Additionally, the record does 