U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 9780707 Appeal of Texas Service Center Decision Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: SEPT. 24, 2020 Form 1-140, Petition for Multinational Managers or Executives The Petitioner, an "e-business" that provides on-site software and IT services to oil and gas companies, seeks to permanently employ the Beneficiary as its president under the first preference immigrant classification for multinational executives or managers. See Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 203(b)(l)(C), 8 U.S.C. ยง 1153(b)(l)(C). This classification allows a U.S. employer to permanently transfer a qualified foreign employee to the United States to work in an executive or managerial capacity. The Director of the Texas Service Center denied the petition concluding that the Petitioner did not establish, as required, that the Beneficiary was employed abroad in a managerial or executive capacity. The Director also entered a separate finding of fraud or willful misrepresentation of a material fact. The matter is now before us on appeal. In these proceedings, it is the Petitioner's burden to establish eligibility for the requested benefit. Section 291 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. ยง 1361. Upon de nova review, we conclude that the decision lacks an analysis of the Beneficiary's foreign employment claim, thereby denying the Petitioner a meaningful opportunity to challenge the Director's finding of ineligibility. We also conclude that the Director did not provide an adequate analysis to support the finding of fraud or willful misrepresentation of a material fact. Therefore, we will withdraw the Director's decision and remand the matter for further proceedings. I. LEGAL FRAMEWORK An immigrant visa is available to a beneficiary who, in the three years preceding the filing of the petition, has been employed outside the United States for at least one year in a managerial or executive capacity, and seeks to enter the United States in order to continue to render managerial or executive services to the same employer or to its subsidiary or affiliate. Section 203(b)(l)(C) of the Act. The Form 1-140, Immigrant Petition for Alien Worker, must include a statement from an authorized official of the petitioning United States employer which demonstrates that the beneficiary has been employed abroad in a managerial or executive capacity for at least one year in the three years preceding the filing of the petition, that the beneficiary is coming to work in the United States for the same 