U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 7051849 Appeal of California Service Center Decision Form 1-129, Petition for L-lA Manager or Executive Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: JUNE 30, 2020 The Petitioner, a distributor of electrical products, seeks to continue the Beneficiary's temporary employment as its "President/CEO" under the L-lA nonimmigrant classification for intracompany transferees who are coming to be employed in the United States in a managerial or executive capacity. Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 101(a)(15)(L), 8 U.S.C. § 1101(a)(15)(L). The Director of the California Service Center denied the petition concluding that the Petitioner did not establish, as required, that the Beneficiary had at least one continuous year of full-time employment abroad with a qualifying organization within the three years preceding the Beneficiary's admission to the United States in the LIA nonimmigrant classification. 1 The matter is before us on appeal. In these proceedings, it is the Petitioner's burden to establish eligibility for the requested benefit. See Section 291 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. § 1361. Upon de nova review, we will dismiss the appeal. I. LEGAL FRAMEWORK To establish eligibility for the L-lA nonimmigrant visa classification, a qualifying organization must have employed the beneficiary in a managerial or executive capacity, or in a position requiring specialized knowledge for one continuous year within three years preceding the beneficiary's application for admission into the United States. 8 C.F.R. § 214.2(1)(1 ). In addition, the beneficiary must seek to enter the United States temporarily to continue rendering his or her services to the same employer or a subsidiary or affiliate thereof in a managerial or executive capacity. 8 C.F.R. § 214.2(1)(3)(ii). With regard to the foreign employment requirement, the regulations state that a beneficiary must have "one continuous year of full-time employment abroad with a qualifying organization within the three years preceding the filing of the petition." 8 C.F.R. § 214.2(1)(3)(iii). It is further noted that periods spent in the United States in lawful status for a branch of the same employer or a parent, affiliate, or 1Section 10 l(a)(l5)(L) of the Act and 8 CFR 214.2(1)( l)(ii)(A) require that the beneficiary work abroad for one continuous year within the three years preceding the "application for admission into the United States." The Beneficiary was admitted to the United States as an L-lA nonimmigrant pursuant to a previously approved petition, which the Petitioner filed on December 16, 2015. 