U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services InRe: 1857314 Appeal of Texas Service Center Decision Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: JUNE 23, 2020 Form 1-140, Immigrant Petition for Advanced Degree Professional The Petitioner, a distributor of used clothing, seeks to employ the Beneficiary as a management analyst. It requests his classification under the second-preference, immigrant category as a member of the professions holding an advanced degree. Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 203(b)(2)(A), 8 U.S.C. § 1153(b)(2)(A). The Director of the Texas Service Center denied the petition. The Director concluded that the Petitioner did not demonstrate its ability to pay the position's proffered wage, its intention to permanently employ the Beneficiary in the position, or his possession of the minimum experience required for the position and the requested classification. Also, finding that the Beneficiary willfully misrepresented his qualifying experience, the Director invalidated the accompanying certification from the U.S. Department of Labor (DOL). The Petitioner bears the burden of demonstrating eligibility for the requested benefit. See section 291 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. § 1361. Upon de nova review, we will dismiss the appeal. I. EMPLOYMENT-BASED IMMIGRATION Employment-based immigration generally follows a three-step process. To permanently fill a position in the United States with a foreign worker, a prospective employer must first obtain DOL certification. See section 212(a)(5)(A)(i) of the Act, 8 U.S.C. § 1182(a)(5)(A)(i). DOL approval signifies that insufficient U.S. workers are able, willing, qualified, and available for a position, and that employment of a foreign national will not harm wages and working conditions of U.S. workers with similar jobs. Id. If DOL approves a position, an employer must next submit the labor certification with an immigrant visa petition to U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS). See section 204 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. § 1154. Among other things, USCIS considers whether a beneficiary meets the job requirements of a certified position. If USCIS approves a petition, a foreign national may finally apply for an immigrant visa abroad or, if eligible, adjustment of status in the United States. See section 245 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. § 1255. 