U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 6504281 Appeal of Vermont Service Center Decision Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: WL Y 21, 2020 Form 1-485, Application for Adjustment of Status of Alien in U Nonimmigrant Status The Applicant seeks to become a lawful permanent resident (LPR) based on his "U" nonimmigrant status as a qualifying family member of a victim of qualifying criminal activity under section 245(m) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act), 8 U.S.C. ยง 1255(m). The Director of the Vermont Service Center denied the Form 1-485, Application to Register Permanent Residence or Adjust Status (U adjustment application), and the matter is now before us on appeal. Upon de nova review, we will dismiss the appeal. I. LAW U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) may in its discretion adjust the status of an individual lawfully admitted to the United States as a U nonimmigrant to that of an LPR if, among other eligibility requirements, he or she establishes that his or her continued presence in the United States is justified on humanitarian grounds, to ensure family unity, or is otherwise in the public interest. Section 245(m) of the Act. When exercising its discretion, USCIS may consider all relevant factors, both favorable and adverse, but the applicant ultimately bears the burden of establishing eligibility and demonstrating that discretion should be exercised in his or her favor. 8 C.F.R. ยง 245.24(d)(10)-(11). Favorable factors such as family unity, length of residence in the United States, employment, community involvement, and good moral character are generally sufficient to merit a favorable exercise of discretion. See 7 USCIS Policy Manual A.10(B)(2), https://www.uscis.gov/policy-manual (providing guidance regarding adjudicative factors to consider in discretionary adjustment of status determinations). However, where adverse factors are present, the applicant should submit evidence establishing mitigating equities. 8 C.F.R. ยง 245.24(d)(ll). An applicant must establish that he or she meets each eligibility requirement of the benefit sought by a preponderance of the evidence. Matter of Chawathe, 25 I&N Dec. 369, 375-76 (AAO 2010). The Administrative Appeals Office (AAO) reviews the questions in this matter de nova. See Matter of Christo 's Inc., 26 I&N Dec. 537, 537 n.2 (AAO 2015). 