U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 9504391 Appeal of California Service Center Decision Form 1-129, Petition for Nonimmigrant Worker (H-lB) Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: JUNE 30, 2020 The Petitioner, a geographic software development firm, seeks to employ the Beneficiary temporarily as a "software application developer" under the H-lB nonimmigrant classification for specialty occupations.1 The H-lB program allows a U.S. employer to temporarily employ a qualified foreign worker in a position that requires both: (a) the theoretical and practical application of a body of highly specialized knowledge; and (b) the attainment of a bachelor's or higher degree in the specific specialty (or its equivalent) as a minimum prerequisite for entry into the position. The California Service Center Director denied the Form 1-129, Petition for a Nonimmigrant Worker, concluding that the record did not establish the Beneficiary was qualified to perform the duties of the offered position. The matter is now before us on appeal. The Petitioner bears the burden of proof to demonstrate eligibility by a preponderance of the evidence. 2 We review the questions in this matter de novo. 3 We conduct de novo review on appeal, but a threshold matter must be resolved before we may address the merits of the Director's decision and the Petitioner's appeal. Specifically, a beneficiary's credentials to perfonn a particular job are relevant only when the job is found to be a specialty occupation. We are required to follow long-standing legal standards and determine first, whether the proffered position qualifies for classification as a specialty occupation, and second, whether the Beneficiary was qualified for the position at the time the nonimmigrant visa petition was filed. 4 In particular, the Director should evaluate two specialty occupation-related issues. First, whether the Petitioner's degree requirements were sufficiently specific. We note the Petitioner initially stated it required a "Bachelor's Degree in Science or other technical field." This would appear to require a bachelor's degree within a natural science discipline such as geology, physics, biology, chemistry, astronomy, etc. Then, in response to the Director's request for evidence the Petitioner noted "[ w ]e 1 See Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 10l(a)(l5)(H)(i)(b), 8 U.S.C. ยง l 10l(a)(l5)(H)(i)(b). 2 Section 291 of the Act; Matter of Chawathe, 25 I&N Dec. 369, 375 (AAO 2010). 3 See Matter of Christa's Inc., 26 I&N Dec. 537,537 n.2 (AAO 2015). 4 Cf Matter of Michael Hertz Assocs., 19 I&N Dec. 558, 560 (Comm'r 1988) ("The facts of a beneficiary's background only come at issue after it is found that the position in which the petitioner intends to employ him falls within [a specialty occupation]."). 