U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 1525587 Appeal of Texas Service Center Decision Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: SEPT. 3, 2020 Form 1-140, Immigrant Petition for Advanced Degree Professional The Petitioner seeks to employ the Beneficiary as a senior software engineer under the second-preference, immigrant classification for members of the professions holding advanced degrees. Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 203(b)(2)(A), 8 U.S.C. § 1153(b)(2)(A). After initially granting the filing, the Director of the Texas Service Center revoked the petition's approval and dismissed the Petitioner's following motion to reopen. The Director concluded that the Beneficiary violated his nonimmigrant visa status. The Director also invalidated the accompanying labor certification from the U.S. Department of Labor (DOL). The Petitioner bears the burden of establishing eligibility for the requested benefit. Matter of Ho, 19 l&N Dec. 582, 589 (BIA 1988). Upon de nova review, we will withdraw the Director's decision and remand the matter for entry of a new decision consistent with the following analysis. I. EMPLOYMENT-BASED IMMIGRATION Immigration as an advanced degree professional generally follows a three-step process. To permanently fill a position in the United States with a foreign worker, a prospective employer must first obtain DOL certification. See section 212(a)(5) of the Act, 8 U.S.C. § 1182(a)(5). DOL approval signifies that insufficient U.S. workers are able, willing, qualified, and available for a position. Id. Labor certification also signifies that employment of a foreign national will not harm wages and working conditions of U.S. workers with similar jobs. Id. If DOL approves a position, an employer must next submit the certified labor application with an immigrant visa petition to U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS). See section 204 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. § 1154. Among other things, USCIS considers whether a beneficiary meets the requirements of a certified position and a requested immigrant visa classification. If USCIS approves a petition, a foreign national may finally apply for an immigrant visa abroad or, if eligible, adjustment of status in the United States. See section 245 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. § 1255. "[A]t any time" before a beneficiary obtains lawful permanent residence, however, USCIS may revoke a petition's approval for "good and sufficient cause." Section 205 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. § 1155. If 