U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 7051443 Appeal of Texas Service Center Decision Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: JUNE 19, 2020 Form 1-140, Immigrant Petition for Advanced Degree Professional The Petitioner seeks to employ the Beneficiary as a programmer analyst under the second-preference, immigrant classification as a member of the professions holding an advanced degree. See Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 203(b )(2)(A), 8 U.S.C. § 1153(b )(2)(A). The Director of the Texas Service Center denied the petition. The Director concluded that the Petitioner did not demonstrate its required ability to pay the combined proffered wages of this and other Form 1-140 petitions it filed. The Petitioner bears the burden of demonstrating its eligibility for the requested benefit. See section 291 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. § 1361. Upon de nova review, we will withdraw the Director's decision and remand the matter for entry of a new decision consistent with the following analysis. I. EMPLOYMENT-BASED IMMIGRATION Immigration as an advanced degree professional generally follows a three-step process. To permanently fill a position in the United States with a foreign worker, a prospective employer must fust obtain certification from the U.S. Department of Labor (DOL). See section 212(a)(5)(A)(i) of the Act, 8 U.S.C. § l 182(a)(5)(A)(i). DOL approval signifies that insufficient U.S. workers are able, willing, qualified, and available for an offered position. Id. Labor certification also indicates that employment of a foreign national will not harm wages and working conditions of U.S. workers with similar jobs. Id. If DOL approves a position, an employer must next submit the certified labor application with an immigrant visa petition to U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS). See section 204 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. § 1154. Among other things, USCIS determines whether a beneficiary meets the requirements of a DOL-certified position and a requested visa classification. If USCIS grants a petition, a foreign national may finally apply for an immigrant visa abroad or, if eligible, adjustment of status in the United States. See section 245 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. § 1255. 