U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 9504042 Appeal of California Service Center Decision Form 1-129, Petition for Nonimmigrant Worker (H-lB) Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: WL Y 2, 2020 The Petitioner, a web-based service provider, seeks to extend the Beneficiary's temporary employment as a "sales engineer" under the H-lB nonimmigrant classification for specialty occupations.1 The H-lB program allows a U.S. employer to temporarily employ a qualified foreign worker in a position that requires both: (a) the theoretical and practical application of a body of highly specialized knowledge; and (b) the attainment of a bachelor's or higher degree in the specific specialty ( or its equivalent) as a minimum prerequisite for entry into the position. The California Service Center Director denied the Form 1-129, Petition for a Nonimmigrant Worker, concluding that the record did not establish that the proffered position qualified as a specialty occupation. The Director further determined that the Petitioner did not establish the Beneficiary would perform qualifying duties for the period requested on the petition. The matter is now before us on appeal. The Petitioner bears the burden of proof to demonstrate eligibility by a preponderance of the evidence. 2 We review the questions in this matter de novo.3 Upon de nova review, we conclude that the preponderance of the evidence satisfies the "specialty occupation" definition at 8 C.F .R. ยง 214.2(h)(4)(ii) and also the criterion at 8 C.F.R. ยง 214.2(h)(4)(iii)(A)(4) for a particular position whose specific duties are so specialized and complex that their performance requires knowledge usually associated with attainment of a baccalaureate or higher degree in a specific specialty. The Petitioner sufficiently developed the position's duties that it demonstrated a nexus between an established course of study leading to a specialty degree, and how such a curriculum is necessary to perform the proffered position's specialized and highly complex duties. Therefore, the record satisfies the fourth criterion of the regulation at 8 C.F.R. ยง 214.2(h)(4)(iii)(A). Additionally, we conclude the availability of specialty occupation work is no longer an issue, and we withdraw the Director's decision on these matters. 1 See Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 10 l(a)(l 5)(H)(i)(b ), 8 U.S.C. ยง l 10l(a)(l5)(H)(i)(b ). 2 Section 291 of the Act; Matter of Chawathe, 25 I&N Dec. 369, 375 (AAO 2010). 3 See Matter of Christo 's Inc., 26 I&N Dec. 537, 537 n.2 (AAO 2015). 