U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 8854326 Motion on Administrative Appeals Office Decision Form 1-129, Petition for L-lA Manager or Executive Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: WL Y 7, 2020 The Petitioner, claiming to operate as an international trade organization, seeks to continue the Beneficiary's temporary employment as president under the L-lA nonimmigrant classification for intracompany transferees who are coming to be employed in the United States in a managerial or executive capacity. Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 101(a)(15)(L), 8 U.S.C. ยง 1101(a)(15)(L). The Director of the California Service Center denied the petition, concluding that the record did not establish, as required, that the Petitioner would employ the Beneficiary in a managerial or executive capacity under the extended petition and that the employment would be temporary. We declined to address the second ground and dismissed the appeal based on the finding that the Petitioner had not established that it would employ the Beneficiary in an executive capacity. The matter is now before us on a motion to reconsider. Upon review, we find that the Petitioner does not meet the motion requirements. Therefore, we will dismiss the motion. I. MOTION REQUIREMENTS A motion to reconsider must establish that our decision was based on an incorrect application of law or policy, and that the decision was incorrect based on the evidence in the record of proceedings at the time of the decision. A motion to reconsider must be supported by a pertinent precedent or adopted decision, statutory or regulatory provision, or statement of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services or Department of Homeland Security policy. 8 C.F.R. ยง 103.5(a)(3). We may grant a motion that satisfies these requirements and demonstrates eligibility for the requested immigration benefit. II. ANALYSIS In support of the instant motion, the Petitioner asserts that we incorrectly relied on its staffing size as the "decisive factor" without taking into consideration the Petitioner's reasonable needs as required by section 101 (a)( 44 )( C) of the Act. We disagree and point to our comprehensive assessment of the Beneficiary's job descriptions, which the Petitioner provided first in support of the petition and later in response to the Director's request for evidenced. Namely, we found that the Petitioner offered 