U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 10106724 Appeal of California Service Center Decision Form 1-129, Petition for L-lA Manager or Executive Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: OCT. 1, 2020 The Petitioner, describing itself as a food production company, seeks to continue1 the Beneficiary's employment as its chief executive officer (CEO) in the United States under the L-lA nonimmigrant classification for intracompany transferees. Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 10l(a)(15)(L), 8 U.S.C. § l 101(a)(15)(L). The Director of the California Service Center denied the petition concluding the Petitioner did not establish that the Beneficiary would be employed in a managerial or executive capacity under an extended petition. On appeal, the Petitioner asserts that the Director's inquiry as to its staffing levels was inappropriate and contends the Director failed to take into the account its reasonable needs as required by the regulations. In these proceedings, it is the Petitioner's burden to establish eligibility for the requested benefit. Section 291 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. § 1361. Upon de nova review, we will dismiss the appeal. I. LEGAL FRAMEWORK To establish eligibility for the L-lA nonimmigrant visa classification, a qualifying organization must have employed the beneficiary in a managerial or executive capacity for one continuous year within three years preceding the beneficiary's application for admission into the United States. 8 C.F.R. § 214.2(1)(3)(v)(B). In addition, the beneficiary must seek to enter the United States temporarily to continue rendering his or her services to the same employer or a subsidiary or affiliate thereof in a managerial or executive capacity. Id. A petitioner seeking to extend an L-lA petition that involved a new office must submit a statement of the beneficiary's duties during the previous year and under the extended petition; a statement 1 The Petitioner previously filed a "new office" petition on the Beneficiary's behalf which was approved for the period from October 19, 2017, to October 18, 2018. A "new office" is an organization that has been doing business in the United States through a parent, branch, affiliate, or subsidiary for less than one year. 8 C.F.R. § 214.2(l)(l)(ii)(F). The regulation at 8 C.F.R. § 214.2(1)(3)(v)(C) allows a "new office" operation one year within the date of approval of the petition to support an executive or managerial position. 