U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 8621730 Appeal of Lawrence, Massachusetts Field Office Decision Form 1-601, Application to Waive Inadmissibility Grounds Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: WL Y 1 7, 2020 The Applicant has applied to adjust status to that of a lawful permanent resident and seeks a waiver of inadmissibility under section 212(i) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act), 8 U.S.C. ยง 1182(i). The Director of the Lawrence, Massachusetts Office denied the application, concluding that the record did not establish, as required, that denial of admission would result in extreme hardship to the Applicant's qualifying relative. In these proceedings, it is the Applicant's burden to establish eligibility for the requested benefit. Section 291 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. ยง 1361. Upon de novo review, we will dismiss the appeal because the Applicant has not met this burden. I. LAW Any foreign national who, by fraud or willfully misrepresenting a material fact, seeks to procure ( or has sought to procure or has procured) a visa, other documentation, or admission into the United States or other benefit provided under the Act, is inadmissible. Section 212(a)(6)(C)(i) of the Act. There is a discretionary waiver of this inadmissibility if refusal of admission would result in extreme hardship to the United States citizen or lawful permanent resident spouse or parent of the foreign national. Section 212(i) of the Act. A determination of whether denial of admission will result in extreme hardship depends on the facts and circumstances of each case. Matter of Cervantes-Gonzalez, 22 I&N Dec. 560, 565 (BIA 1999) ( citations omitted). We recognize that some degree of hardship to qualifying relatives is present in most cases; however, to be considered "extreme," the hardship must exceed that which is usual or expected. See Matter of Pilch, 21 I&N Dec. 627, 630-31 (BIA 1996) (finding that factors such as economic detriment, severing family and community ties, loss of current employment, and cultural readjustment were the "common result of deportation" and did not alone constitute extreme hardship). In determining whether extreme hardship exists, individual hardship factors that may not rise to the level of extreme must also be considered in the aggregate. Matter of Ige, 20 I&N Dec. 880, 882 (BIA 1994) ( citations omitted). 