U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 4536505 Appeal of Vermont Service Center Decision Form 1-129, Petition for Nonimmigrant Worker (H-lB) Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: WL Y 21, 2020 The Petitioner, an IT solutions provider business, seeks to employ the Beneficiary temporarily as a "software applications engineer" under the H-lB nonimmigrant classification for specialty occupations. See Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 101(a)(15)(H)(i)(b), 8 U.S.C. ยง 1101(a)(15)(H)(i)(b). The H-lB program allows a U.S. employer to temporarily employ a qualified foreign worker in a position that requires both: (a) the theoretical and practical application of a body of highly specialized knowledge; and (b) the attainment of a bachelor's or higher degree in the specific specialty (or its equivalent) as a minimum prerequisite for entry into the position. The Director of the Vermont Service Center denied the Form 1-129, Petition for a Nonimmigrant Worker, concluding that the Petitioner did not establish that it had specialty occupation work available for the Beneficiary to perform at the time the petition was filed, or that the proffered position itself is a specialty occupation. Further, the Director determined that the Petitioner did not demonstrate that the required employer-employee relationship would be maintained between itself and the Beneficiary throughout the period of requested employment. While this appeal was pending, the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia issued a decision inltserve Alliance, Inc. v. Cissna, ---F.Supp.3d---, 2020 WL 1150186 (D.D.C. 2020). Subsequently, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) rescinded previously issued policy guidance and directed its officers to apply the existing regulatory definition at 8 C.F.R. ยง 214.2(h)( 4)(ii) to assess whether a petitioner and a beneficiary have an employer-employee relationship. USCIS Policy Memorandum PM-602-0114, Rescission of Policy Memoranda at 2 (June 17, 2020), http://www.uscis.gov/legal-resources/policy-memoranda. The matter will therefore be remanded so that the Director may consider these issues anew. Beyond the bases upon which the Director denied the petition, we also question whether the labor condition application (LCA) corresponds to and supports the H-lB petition, as required. The Director may wish to further explore this issue as well. 