U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 10106678 Appeal of California Service Center Decision Form 1-129, Petition for Nonimmigrant Worker (H-lB) Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: WL Y 16, 2020 The Petitioner, a software development and consulting organization, seeks to employ the Beneficiary temporarily under the H-lB nonimrnigrant classification for specialty occupations.1 The H-lB program allows a U.S. employer to temporarily employ a qualified foreign worker in a position that requires both: (a) the theoretical and practical application of a body of highly specialized knowledge; and (b) the attainment of a bachelor's or higher degree in the specific specialty (or its equivalent) as a minimum prerequisite for entry into the position. The Director of the California Service Center denied the petition, concluding that the Petitioner did not establish that the Beneficiary would perform services in a specialty occupation for the requested period of intended employment. While this appeal was pending, the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia issued a decision in Itserve Alliance, Inc. v. Cissna, ---F.Supp.3d ---, 2020 WL 1150186 (D.D.C. 2020). Subsequently, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) rescinded previously issued policy guidance relating to H-lB petitions filed for workers who will be employed at one or more third-party worksites. 2 The matter is now before us on appeal. The Petitioner bears the burden of proof to demonstrate eligibility by a preponderance of the evidence. 3 We review the questions in this matter de novo.4 While we conduct de nova review on appeal, we conclude that a remand is warranted in this case in part based on the new USCIS policy guidance. Within her new decision, the Director may wish to further address the following issues. In the proceedings before the Director, the Petitioner offered a letter from the end-client. First, although the duties within that letter appear somewhat related to the Software Developers, Applications occupational category, the Director may wish to consider whether the duties listed within that letter are sufficiently detailed to support the Petitioner's claims that those functions are specialized and complex. The Director should decide whether the duties comprise a position that is so complex or 1 See Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 10l(a)(l5)(H)(i)(b), 8 U.S.C. ยง l 10l(a)(l5)(H)(i)(b). 2 USCIS Policy Memorandum PM-602-0114, Rescission of Policy Memoranda at 2 (June 17, 2020), http://www.uscis.gov/legal-resources/policy-memoranda. 3 Section 291 of the Act; Matter of Chawathe, 25 I&N Dec. 369, 375 (AAO 2010). 4 See Matter of Christo 's Inc., 26 I&N Dec. 537, 537 n.2 (AAO 2015). 