U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 7906363 Appeal of California Service Center Decision Form 1-129, Petition for L-lA Manager or Executive Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: WL Y 7, 2020 The Petitioner seeks to operate a convenience store I and to temporarily employ the Beneficiary as "General Operations Director" of its new office2 under the L-1 A nonimmigrant classification for intracompany transferees. See Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) Section 10l(a)(l5)(L), 8 U.S.C. ยง l 101(a)(15)(L). The L-lA classification allows a corporation or other legal entity (including its affiliate or subsidiary) to transfer a qualifying foreign employee to the United States to work temporarily in a managerial or executive capacity. The Director of the California Service Center denied the petition, concluding that the Petitioner did not establish, as required, that (1) the Beneficiary was employed abroad in a managerial or executive capacity and (2) the new office would support the Beneficiary in a managerial or executive position within one year of the petition's approval. The matter is now before us on appeal. In these proceedings, it is the Petitioner's burden to establish eligibility for the requested benefit. Section 291 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. ยง 1361. Upon de nova review, we will dismiss the appeal because the Petitioner did not establish that it would support the Beneficiary in an executive capacity3 within one year of the petition's approval, as claimed. Since the identified basis for denial is dispositive of the Petitioner's appeal, we decline to reach and hereby reserve the Petitioner's appellate arguments regarding the Beneficiary's employment abroad. See INS v. Bagamasbad, 429 U.S. 24, 25 (1976) ("courts and agencies are not required to make findings on issues the decision of which is unnecessary to the results they reach"); see also Matter ofL-A-C-, 26 I&N Dec. 516,526 n.7 (BIA 2015) (declining to reach alternative issues on appeal where an applicant is otherwise ineligible). 1 Although the Petitioner's response to the request for evidence (RFE) contains copied photographs of a gas station and a statement claiming that gasoline sales would account for 75% of the Petitioner's revenue, the Petitioner did not provide evidence that a gas station would be part of the operation. The Petitioner must support its assertions with relevant, probative, and credible evidence. See Matter ofChawathe, 25 I&N Dec. 369,376 (AAO 2010). The Petitioner's business plan does not mention a gas station and the business lease states that the leased premises cannot be used to store "flammables or other inherently dangerous substance, chemical, thing or device." Therefore, this petition will be reviewed within the scope of the Petitioner's claim that it will operate as a convenience store. 2 The term "new office" refers to an organization which has been doing business in the United States for less than one year. 8 C.F.R. ยง 214.2(l)(l)(ii)(F). The regulation at 8 C.F.R. ยง 214.2(1)(3)(v)(C) allows a "new office" operation no more than one year within the date of approval of the petition to support an executive or managerial position. 3 The Petitioner does not claim that the Beneficiary's proposed position would be in a managerial capacity. 