U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 10980090 Appeal of Texas Service Center Decision Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: SEPT. 03, 2020 Form 1-140, Immigrant Petition for Advanced Degree Professional The Petitioner seeks to employ the Beneficiary as a software developer under the second-preference, immigrant category for members of the professions holding advanced degrees. See Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 203(b)(2)(A), 8 U.S.C. § 1153(b)(2)(A). The Director of the Texas Service Center denied the petition and dismissed the Petitioner's following motions to reopen and reconsider. The Director concluded that the Petitioner did not demonstrate its required ability to pay the combined proffered wages of this and other petitions. The Petitioner bears the burden of establishing eligibility for the requested benefit. Section 291 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. § 1361. Upon de nova review, we will withdraw the Director's decision and remand the matter for entry of a new decision consistent with the following analysis. I. EMPLOYMENT-BASED IMMIGRATION Immigration as an advanced degree professional generally follows a three-step process. To permanently fill a position in the United States with a foreign worker, a prospective employer must first obtain certification from the U.S. Department of Labor (DOL). See section 212(a)(5) of the Act, 8 U.S.C. § 1182(a)(5). DOL approval signifies that insufficient U.S. workers are able, willing, qualified, and available for a position. Id. Labor certification also signifies that employment of a foreign national will not harm wages and working conditions of U.S. workers with similar jobs. Id. If DOL approves a position, an employer must next submit the certified labor application with an immigrant visa petition to U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS). See section 204 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. § 1154. Among other things, USCIS considers whether a beneficiary meets the requirements of a certified position and a requested immigrant visa classification. If USCIS approves a petition, a foreign national may finally apply for an immigrant visa abroad or, if eligible, adjustment of status in the United States. See section 245 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. § 1255. 