U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 8545609 Motion on Administrative Appeals Office Decision Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: JUNE 8, 2020 Form 1-485, Application for Adjustment of Status of Alien in U Nonimmigrant Status The Applicant seeks to adjust status to that of a lawful permanent resident (LPR) based on his "U" nonimmigrant status. See Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 245(m), 8 U.S.C. § 1255(m). The Director of the Vermont Service Center denied his Form 1-485, Application to Register Permanent Residence or Adjust Status (U adjustment application), concluding that the Applicant did not establish that adjustment of her status was warranted as a matter of discretion. We dismissed the subsequent appeal and our prior decision is incorporated here by reference. The matter is now before us on motion to reopen and reconsider. On motion, the Applicant submits additional evidence and a brief asserting that she merits a favorable exercise of discretion. We will deny the motions to reopen and reconsider. I. LAW A motion to reopen must state new facts to be proved and be supported by affidavits or other evidence. 8 C.F.R. § 103.5(a)(2). A motion to reconsider must establish that our decision was based on an incorrect application of law or policy and that the decision was incorrect based on the evidence in the record of proceedings at the time of the decision. 8 C.F.R. § 103.5(a)(3). U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) may adjust the status of a U nonimmigrant to that of an LPR if she meets all other eligibility requirements and, "in the opinion" ofUSCIS, her "continued presence in the United States is justified on humanitarian grounds, to ensure family unity, or is otherwise in the public interest." Section 245(m) of the Act. The applicant bears the burden of establishing her eligibility pursuant to section 291 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. § 1361, and must establish her eligibility by a preponderance of the evidence. Matter of Chawathe, 25 l&N Dec. 369, 375 (AAO 2010). This burden includes establishing that discretion should be exercised in her favor, and USCIS may take into account all relevant factors in making its discretionary determination. 8 C.F .R. § § 245.24(b)(6), (d)(l 1). Favorable factors include, but are not limited to, family unity, length of 