U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 9714493 Appeal of Texas Service Center Decision Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: WLY 10, 2020 Form 1-140, Immigrant Petition for Advanced Degree Professional The Petitioner seeks to employ the Beneficiary as a senior programmer analyst under the preference, immigrant classification for members of the professions holding advanced degrees or their equivalents. Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 203(b)(2)(A), 8 U.S.C. § 1153(b )(2)(A). The Director of the Texas Service Center denied the petition. The Director concluded that the Petitioner did not demonstrate its required ability to pay the combined proffered wages of this and other petitions. The Petitioner bears the burden of establishing eligibility for the requested benefit. See section 291 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. § 1361. Upon de nova review, we will dismiss the appeal. I. EMPLOYMENT-BASED IMMIGRATION Immigration as an advanced degree professional generally follows a three-step process. To permanently fill a position in the United States with a foreign worker, a prospective employer must fust obtain certification from the U.S. Department of Labor (DOL). See section 212(a)(5)(A)(i) of the Act, 8 U.S.C. § l 182(a)(5)(A)(i). DOL approval signifies that insufficient U.S. workers are able, willing, qualified, and available for a position. Id. Labor certification also indicates that employment of a foreign national will not harm wages and working conditions of U.S. workers with similar jobs. Id. If DOL approves a position, an employer must next submit the certified labor application with an immigrant visa petition to U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS). See section 204 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. § 1154. Among other things, USCIS considers whether a beneficiary meets the requirements of a certified position and a requested immigrant visa classification. If USCIS approves a petition, a foreign national may finally apply for an immigrant visa abroad or, if eligible, adjustment of status in the United States. See section 245 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. § 1255. 