U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 11913218 Appeal of Texas Service Center Decision Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office DATE: OCT. 1, 2020 Form I-140, Immigrant Petition for an Advanced Degree Professional The Petitioner, an automotive supplier, seeks to employ the Beneficiary as a "Buyer II-Program." It requests advanced degree professional classification for the Beneficiary under the second preference immigrant category. Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 203(b )(2), 8 U.S.C. § 1153(b)(2). This employment-based "EB-2" immigrant classification allows a U.S. employer to sponsor a professional with an advanced degree for lawful permanent resident status. The Director of the Texas Service Center denied the petition on the grounds that the evidence ofrecord did not establish that the Beneficiary had the requisite qualifying experience to meet the terms of the labor certification and to be eligible for classification as an advanced degree professional. On appeal the Petitioner submits additional documentation and asserts that the evidence of record establishes that the Beneficiary has the requisite experience to qualify for the proffered position under the terms of the labor certification and to qualify for the requested visa classification. In visa petition proceedings it is the Petitioner's burden to establish eligibility for the requested benefit. See section 291 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. § 1361. Upon de nova review, we will dismiss the appeal. I. LAW Employment-based immigration generally follows a three-step process. First, an employer obtains an approved labor certification from the U.S. Department of Labor (DOL). See section 212(a)(5) of the Act, 8 U.S.C. § 1182(a)(5). By approving the labor certification, the DOL certifies that there are insufficient U.S. workers who are able, willing, qualified, and available for the offered position and that employing a foreign national in the position will not adversely affect the wages and working conditions of domestic workers similarly employed. See section 212(a)(5)(A)(i)(I)-(II) of the Act. Second, the employer files an immigrant visa petition with U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS). See section 204 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. § 1154. Third, ifUSCIS approves the petition, the foreign national may apply for an immigrant visa abroad or, if eligible, adjustment of status in the United States. See section 245 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. § 1255. The term "advanced degree" is defined in the regulation at 8 C.F.R. § 204.5(k)(2) as follows: 