U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 8959473 Appeal of California Service Center Decision Form 1-129, Petition for Nonimmigrant Worker (H-lB) Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: JUNE 1 7, 2020 The Petitioner, an information technology services company, seeks to temporarily employ the Beneficiary as a "database administrator" under the H-lB nonimmigrant classification for specialty occupations. 1 The Director of the California Service Center denied the petition, concluding that the record did not establish (1) that the Petitioner would maintain an employer-employee relationship with Beneficiary and (2) that the Beneficiary would perform services in a specialty occupation. On appeal, the Petitioner asserts that the Director erred in denying the petition. Upon de nova review, we will withdraw the decision of the Director. 2 The matter will be remanded for further review and entry of a new decision. I. ANALYSIS The Petitioner, which is located in Texas, seeks to outsource the Beneficiary's services to an end-client pursuant to a series of contractual relationships between the Petitioner and I , kvendor), and between the vendor and I I( end-client). The contractual path of succession between the actors in this case is as follows: Petitioner Vendor End-Client. Upon review of the record in its totality and for the reasons set out below, we conclude that the record contains inconsistent info1mation concerning where the Beneficiary will work and what educational qualifications are required to perform the duties of the proffered position. The Petitioner has not demonstrated that the labor condition application (LCA) corresponds to and supports the H-lB petition as required. 3 1 See Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 10l(a)(l5)(H)(i)(b), 8 U.S.C. ยง l 10l(a)(l5)(H)(i)(b). 2 We follow the preponderance of the evidence standard as specified in Matter of Chawathe, 25 I&N Dec. 369, 375-76 (AAO 2010). 3 While the Department of Labor certifies the LCA, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) determines whether the LCA's content corresponds with the H-lB petition. See 20 C.F.R. ยง 655.705(b) ("DHS determines whether the petition is supported by an LCA which corresponds with the petition, .... "). 