U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 9042239 Appeal of California Service Center Decision Form 1-129, Petition for Nonimmigrant Worker (H-lB) Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: WL Y 2, 2020 The Petitioner, an information technology company, seeks to extend the Beneficiary's temporary employment as a "market research analyst" under the H-lB nonimmigrant classification for specialty occupations. Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 10l(a)(15)(H)(i)(b), 8 U.S.C. ยง 1101(a)(15)(H)(i)(b). The H-lB program allows a U.S. employer to temporarily employ a qualified foreign worker in a position that requires both (a) the theoretical and practical application of a body of highly specialized knowledge and (b) the attainment of a bachelor's or higher degree in the specific specialty (or its equivalent) as a minimum prerequisite for entry into the position. The Director of the California Service Center denied the petition, concluding that the record did not establish the position qualifies as a specialty occupation. The matter is now before us on appeal. The Petitioner bears the burden of proof to demonstrate eligibility by a preponderance of the evidence. Section 291 of the Act; Matter of Chawathe, 25 l&N Dec. 369, 375 (AAO 2010). We review the questions in this matter de nova. See Matter of Christo 's Inc., 26 I&N Dec. 537,537 n.2 (AAO 2015). Upon de nova review, we cannot determine the substantive nature of the proffered position, which precludes a determination of whether that the proffered position satisfies any criterion at 8 C.F.R. ยง 214.2(h)(4)(iii)(A).1 When determining whether a position is a specialty occupation, we review the H-lB petition and the supporting documents to ascertain the salient aspects of the proposed employment. A crucial aspect of this matter is whether the Petitioner has submitted sufficient and consistent evidence describing the duties of the proffered position such that we may discern the nature of the position and whether the position actually requires the theoretical and practical application of a body of highly specialized knowledge attained through at least a baccalaureate degree in a specific discipline. See sections 101 (a)(15)(H)(i)(b ), 214(i)(l) of the Act; 8 C.F.R. ยง 214.2(h)(4)(ii). The substantive nature of the work determines (1) the normal minimum educational requirement for entry into the particular position, which is the focus of criterion 1; (2) industry positions which are parallel to the proffered position and thus appropriate for review for a common degree requirement, under the first alternate prong of criterion 2; 1 The Petitioner submitted documentation to support the H-lB petition, including evidence regarding the proffered position and its business operations. Although we may not discuss every document submitted, we have reviewed and considered each one. 