U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 6343927 Motion on Administrative Appeals Office Decision Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: JUNE 30, 2020 Form 1-485, Application for Adjustment of Status of Alien in U Nonimmigrant Status The Applicant seeks to become a lawful permanent resident (LPR) under section 245(m) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act), 8 U.S.C. § 1255(m), based on her "U" nonimmigrant status as the victim of qualifying criminal activity. The Director of the Vermont Service Center denied the Form 1-485, Application for Adjustment of Status of Alien in U Nonimmigrant Status (U adjustment application), concluding that a favorable exercise of discretion was not warranted. We dismissed the Applicant's appeal and a subsequent motion to reopen. The Applicant now files a second motion to reopen and a motion to reconsider, submitting new evidence, resubmitting evidence already in the record, and arguing that we erred in the decision dismissing her motion to reopen. Upon review, we will dismiss the motions. I. LAW U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) "may adjust the status" of a U nonimmigrant if he or she meets all other eligibility requirements and "in the opinion" of USCIS, his or her continued presence in the United States is justified on humanitarian grounds, to ensure family unity, or is otherwise in the public interest. Section 245(m) of the Act. The applicant bears the burden of establishing eligibility by a preponderance of the evidence. Section 291 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. § 1361; Matter of Chawathe, 25 I&N Dec. 369, 375 (AAO 2010). This burden includes showing that discretion should be exercised in his or her favor. 8 C.F.R. § 245.24(b)(6), (d)(ll). USCIS may consider all factors when making its discretionary decision on the application. 8 C.F.R. § 245.24(d)(ll). Generally, favorable factors such as family unity, length of residence in the United States, employment, community standing, and good moral character may be sufficient to merit a favorable exercise of administrative discretion. Matter of Arai, 13 I&N Dec. 494, 496 (BIA 1970); see also 7 USCIS Policy Manual A.10(B)(2), https://www.uscis.gov/policymanual (providing guidance to USCIS adjudicators regarding factors to consider in discretionary adjustment of status determinations). However, where adverse factors are present, the applicant may submit evidence of mitigating equities. 8 C.F.R. § 245.24(d)(ll) (stating that, "[w]here adverse factors are present, an applicant may offset these by submitting documentation establishing mitigating equities that the applicant wants USCIS to consider when determining whether or not a favorable exercise of discretion is appropriate"). 