U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 9126871 Appeal of California Service Center Decision Form 1-129, Petition for Nonimmigrant Worker Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: WL Y 2, 2020 The Petitioner seeks to temporarily employ the Beneficiary under the H-IB nonimmigrant classification for specialty occupations. See Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 10l(a)(l5)(H)(i)(b), 8 U.S.C. ยง 110l(a)(l5)(H)(i)(b). The H-lB program allows a U.S. employer to temporarily employ a qualified foreign worker in a position that requires both: (a) the theoretical and practical application of a body of highly specialized knowledge; and (b) the attainment of a bachelor's or higher degree in the specific specialty ( or its equivalent) as a minimum prerequisite for entry into the position. The Director of the California Service Center denied the petition, concluding that the Petitioner had not established that the Beneficiary would be employed in a specialty occupation position. On appeal, the Petitioner submits additional evidence and asserts that that the Director erred in denying the petition. The Petitioner bears the burden of proof to demonstrate eligibility by a preponderance of the evidence. Section 291 of the Act; Matter of Chawathe, 25 I&N Dec. 369, 375 (AAO 2010). We review the questions in this matter de nova. See Matter of Christo 's Inc., 26 I&N Dec. 537,537 n.2 (AAO 2015). Upon de nova review, the decision of the Director is withdrawn. The matter is remanded for the entry of a new decision consistent with the foregoing analysis. As noted, the Director concluded that the proffered position is not a specialty occupation. However, we find that conclusion premature, as the record of proceedings at the current time is not sufficiently developed so as to allow us to determine whether the certified labor condition application (LCA) corresponds to and supports the petition. Without knowing the answer to that question, we cannot determine the actual, substantive nature of the position, which means that as this record currently stands, we cannot make a determination on the specialty-occupation question. The purpose of the LCA wage requirement is "to protect U.S. workers' wages and eliminate any economic incentive or advantage in hiring temporary foreign workers."1 It also serves to protect H-lB 1 See Labor Condition Applications and Requirements for Employers Using Nonimmigrants on H-lB Visas in Specialty Occupations and as Fashion Models; Labor Certification Process for Permanent Employment of Aliens in the United States, 65 Fed. Reg. 80,110, 80, 110-11 (proposed Dec. 20, 2000) (to be codified at 20 C.F.R. pts. 655-56). 