U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services In Re: 8419434 Appeal of California Service Center Decision Form 1-129, Petition for L-lA Manager or Executive Non-Precedent Decision of the Administrative Appeals Office Date: WL Y 7, 2020 The Petitioner, operating as a childcare center, seeks to continue the Beneficiary's temporary employment as its president under the L-lA nonimmigrant classification for intracompany transferees who are coming to be employed in the United States in a managerial or executive capacity. Immigration and Nationality Act (the Act) section 101(a)(15)(L), 8 U.S.C. ยง 1101(a)(15)(L). The Director of the California Service Center denied the petition concluding that the Petitioner did not establish, as required, that: (1) the Beneficiary was employed abroad in a managerial or executive capacity; and (2) the Beneficiary's proposed position would be in a managerial or executive capacity. The matter is before us on appeal. In these proceedings, it is the Petitioner's burden to establish eligibility for the requested benefit. See Section 291 of the Act, 8 U.S.C. ยง 1361. Upon de nova review, we will dismiss the appeal because the Petitioner did not establish the Beneficiary's position in the United States would be in a managerial or executive capacity. Since the identified basis for denial is dispositive of the Petitioner's appeal, we decline to reach and hereby reserve the Petitioner's appellate arguments regarding the Beneficiary's employment abroad in a managerial or executive capacity. See INS v. Bagamasbad, 429 U.S. 24, 25 (1976) ("courts and agencies are not required to make findings on issues the decision of which is unnecessary to the results they reach"); see also Matter of L-A-C-, 26 I&N Dec. 516, 526 n.7 (BIA 2015) (declining to reach alternative issues on appeal where an applicant is otherwise ineligible). I. LEGAL FRAMEWORK To establish eligibility for the L-lA nonimmigrant visa classification, a qualifying organization must have employed the beneficiary in a managerial or executive capacity, or in a position requiring specialized knowledge for one continuous year within three years preceding the beneficiary's application for admission into the United States. 8 C.F.R. ยง 214.2(1)(1). The prospective U.S. employer must also be a qualifying organization that seeks to employ a beneficiary in a managerial or executive capacity. 8 C.F.R. ยง 214.2(1)(3)(i). 